Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Fairytale Town 4

Yan Zhe was smothered by the sour stench of this ‘love.’ He told Qin Ge, “This is how it is. He is waiting here because he thinks his little rose is missing him. When I see the little rose, I have to enlighten him.”

He absolutely couldn’t let Old Xie act so proudly!

If Jiang Xie knew what Yan Zhe was thinking, his heart would be broken. His ship was already broken and people around him were plunging him to the bottom of the boat… it was really unknown if he could cross this ocean of -173.

Xie Xi didn’t know anything about this. He was at the critical junction of life or death.

The background of the Fairytale Town was relatively vague. The scenery of the town was old but the people’s clothing were modern. There were some hot weapons but it was like a well-preserved ancient town. It was a picturesque and quiet place.

However… the atmosphere was a bit strange today.

The skinny man’s eyes were killed with killing intent and the hands on the g*n were shaking. “Kill you, I must kill you…”

He was the perpetrator but he was more nervous than the person locked in the cage.

Song Qi didn’t dare to breath. They had formed a team but this wasn’t a real game. There was no team chat or anything similar. It might be sold in the mall but unfortunately, they were too low level.

In fact, there was no need to communicate. Xie Xi could also feel Song Qi’s tension. He didn’t know why this person wanted to kill them bit in his state of mind, the person was extremely likely to shoot. It would be difficult for both of them to avoid in this narrow space.

If it was just one shot, it would consume the fatal injury immunity of their uniform. However, they didn’t have any clues for the task and there was danger. What should they do afterwards? Would the die in this game like countless players before them?

Xie Xi sighed and asked, “Why?”

His voice was like and calm but an inexplicable atmosphere filled the cold and damp dungeon.

Song Qi took a breath, afraid the young man outside would go crazy.

The young man was visibly stunned.

Xie Xi stepped forward. “Why do you want to kill us?”

This question seemed to make the nervous young man collapse. His eyes were very wide and his face so thin that the shape of his lower jaw could be seen. His hands were fiercely shaking and his voice was insane, “Why… you’re actually asking why.. ha, haha, so wicked…”

As he was distracted, Xie Xi quickly fired. A green light flashed and the young man became stiff, his g*n falling to the ground.

Xie Xi sighed with relief.

Song Qi blinked with shock. “Character freeze? That costs 10,000 silver coins in the mall!”

“It only lasts a minute.” Xie Xi asked Song Qi, “Can you use a g*n?” His gaze was on the lock.

Song Qi knew what he meant and didn’t dare delay the time. “No problem, you move back. This g*n is easy to fire.”

Xie Xi stood in the corner. Song Qi picked up the g*n and fired it at the lock.

The prison door opened and Xie Xi stepped out, telling Song Qi, “Help me lock him up.” They couldn’t leave him alone in case he called other people. Things might become troublesome.

Song Qi was stronger than him and the two people dragged the young man into another cell.

Song Qi watched the frozen effect end and gritted his teeth. “I’m sorry!” Then he slammed his elbow into the young man’s neck, knocking him unconscious.

Xie Xi glanced at him.

Song Qi explained, “I-I bought a fighting skill.” It was only a little bit but it was better than nothing.

Xie Xi’s skills column was still empty. It was estimated that he had cleared too few games and hadn’t been activated yet.

The two of them didn’t dare delay the time and left the dungeon. They finally breathed the outside air and Song Qi was refreshed. “I thought I would be locked up for the rest of my life!”

After players entered the quasi-world, the time flow would follow the quasi-world. If trapped here for a lifetime, it would really feel like a lifetime. This type of thing wasn’t uncommon. There were many players trapped in the quasi-world because they couldn’t complete the task. This lasted until they died.

Xie Xi wasn’t very emotional. He looked at the environment, his brow deeply furrowed.

“Where have all the people gone?” He talked to himself.

Song Qi recovered his spirit and became alert.

Both of them were collectors and their night vision was good. They could see slightly in the darkness.

This was clearly a residential area but it was dead silent. The beautiful two-storey buildings were gloomy and cold, while weeds covered the delicate flowers. Clearly it had been left unattended for a long time.

Song Qi whispered, “The description has a problem. How is this a good fairytale town? Why is it so depressing?” He was a bit terrified and didn’t dare say it was like a haunted house.

Xie Xi whispered, “Follow me.”

Song Qi felt a strong sense of security. “Okay!” He felt that although Xie Xi was smaller than him with a face as tender as a flower, the atmosphere around him made him seem 2.8 metres tall. He was really reliable!

They walked for 10 minutes and saw a brightly lit square.

The two of them stopped at the same time. Song Qi’s eyesight was stronger than Xie Xi and he was shocked by the sight. “There is a person tied up!”

Xie Xi saw many people who should be residents of the town. Most of them were yellow and thin, the hands holding the torches were like yellow-brown branches. They were densely gathered together, giving off a sense of horror.

Xie Xi squinted and barely saw it. “They’re going to burn him?”

Song Qi’s heart sank. “…Burn him to death.” The flames burned and the man’s screams made their scalps numb.

Xie Xi frowned.

At this time, cheers were heard from the crowd. Xie Xi and Song Qi were far away and could only vaguely see, but they could hear it clearly. It was because the villagers shouted too loudly and clearly, as if they had done this countless times.

“Burn him! Burn him!”

“Give him to the dragon!”

“Only he can calm the wrath of the dragon!”

The shouts were like the tide, bringing with it a suffocating sense of oppression.

Song Qi whispered, “They…”

Xie Xi told him, “Go to the rear mountain  to see.”

Their task was to collect a dragon heart. There would definitely be a dragon in the rare mountain. Perhaps this dragon brought such disaster to the original fairytale town.

A voice couldn’t help floating in Xie Xi’s heart, ‘Will it be this simple?’

Song Qi exclaimed, “Go, let’s kill the dragon!” This town was too strange and he wanted to finish the task quickly.

The two of them were just about to leave when a sweet laugh was heard behind them.

“Brother Bai Xia.” The 15 or 16 year old girl was thin but had amazing beauty. This made the purple whip mark exposed on her skin even more shocking.

Song Qi was startled by the sight of her.

Xie Xi remembered that the name of his body was Bai Xia.

The girl was so thin she looked like she would be blown away by the wind. She whispered softly, “Brother Bai Xia, I have been waiting for you for a long time. You are finally back… Yunren missed you.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...