Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Designers

Xie Xi was completely shocked when he saw this thing. Why did he bring this thing back?

When he left, there was still a decade before the universe exploded. How did he randomly get such a deadly thing?

If he brought the hard drive back, what would happen to the world? It was so hard to repair yet it was over again? Could this be called completing the task?

Xie Xi’s head was in a frenzy. Jiang Xie was also frozen. Xie Xi nervously asked, “Did we fail the task?”

Jiang Xie gazed at the hard drive Xie Xi brought out and his mood was very complicated.

“Baby, you’re going to be famous now.”

“Explain.”

Jiang Xie took the hard drive and sighed. “The quasi-world has been repaired but the new quasi-world needs to be redesigned.”

Xie Xi was still confused.

“I thought I would have to do it myself again. Now…” He shook the hard drive. “It saved me some trouble.”

Xie Xi understood a bit. “You’re saying this is an important item to design a world?’

“This is the will of the world.”

Xie Xi was in a daze…

Jiang Xie took his hand. “Come with me. There is a place you should be able to enter.”

Xie Xi was fascinated and let Jiang Xie pull him to a portal. They left the garden and came to an unusually empty hall. It was similar to the players’ hall but there was almost no one here. The colour of the water curtain was also different. It wasn’t the watery blue of the players’ hall but a snowy silver.

Jiang Xie told him, “Welcome to the designer’s hall.”

Xie Xi was surprised. “What’s going on?”

Jiang Xie explained, “There are two ways to become a designer. One is to apply to the Central Government and slowly explore. After reaching the standards, you can try to design a world and if successful, you can become a designer.”

Xie Xi knew that Jiang Xie had taken such steps and became a designer in a down to earth manner.

Jiang Xie continued, “The other way is to get the world’s will and become a designer directly.”

Xie Xi, “……”

“So far, the second way to become a designer is just a legend. No one has ever done it.”

Xie Xi didn’t know what to say.

Jiang Xie helped all the Central players say fair words. “Now I knew that this second promotion method is tailor-made for you.”

Xie Xi was teased by him. “However, I am already a repairer. How can I become a designer?”

“If Yan Zhe wasn’t too wasteful, he could be both a godly healer and a designer.”

Yan Zhen, “???” If this person had something to say, why pull him to death?

Xie Xi still felt it was quite inexplicable. “What is the world’s will? I don’t feel like I can design a world.”

“This aspect isn’t urgent. Designing a world might be interesting but it also has great hidden risks. Don’t try it easily.”

Xie Xi nodded. “Yes, I’m not in a hurry.”

Jiang Xie was very reassured. His family member was particularly excellent.

Xie Xi glanced a the hard drive and had a thought. “You mean, we just fixed the quasi-world. If we want to let it re-enter the cycle, we need to design it again?”

Jiang Xie nodded. “Yes.”

Xie Xi’s eyes narrowed. “Do you have to design it?”

Jiang Xie designed worlds by splitting apart his soul. If this was the case, won’t they enter an infinite loop and when could all the souls come back?

Jiang Xie hurriedly comforted him. “Rest assured, now I have you.”

Xie Xi was surprised. “What can I do?”

Jiang Xie touched the silver-white water curtain and a different system interface appeared in front of him.

Jiang Xie pointed to the unfinished page and there was a quasi-world with the code name of zz213442.

Xie Xi frowned. “What is the significance of this number?”

“It is randomly generated and has no meaning. It is just a code name for an unnamed quasi-world.”

“Is this the quasi-world of the collapsed god?’

Jiang Xie replied, “Yes, I haven’t designed a new world for a long time and it can only be this unfinished one.”

Why hadn’t he designed a new world for a long time? It was because he sliced too much of himself off and his body couldn’t bear it anymore!

Xie Xi understood and felt pain. He controlled his mind and asked, “How do you finish it?”

Jiang Xie clicked a few times before a prompt appeared. [Please put in the core material.]

“I originally intended to place my soul piece here. Now…” Jiang Xie placed the hard drive in Xie Xi’s hand. “You can put the will of the world that you repaired.”

Xie Xi’s eyes were wide and he was a bit nervous. He was afraid this wouldn’t work.

Compared to his nervousness, Jiang Xie was very calm.

The prompt changed. [The design of codename zz213442 is completed. The designer is X and Xie Xi, is it okay?]

Xie Xi was stunned. It was successful?

Jiang Xie clicked ‘No’ and modified Xie Xi’s name. “Think of a codename.”

Xie Xi’s senses returned.

Jiang Xie pondered. “How about i. I am X and you are i, together it is Xi.”

Their names were really sweet and were probably a natural pair. Xie Xi’s senses returned and he poked the water curtain a few times. “This is okay.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes curved. “IE like the browser?”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “You don’t like it?”

Jiang Xie took this person into his arms and there was no need to mention how sweet his heart was. “I like it, I especially like it.”

X and IE, together it was Xie. This was Jiang Xie’s name and Xie Xi’s last name, it was really good.

Jiang Xie was determined.

Xie Xi’s heart beat a bit faster as he whispered, “Why does there have to be an announcement.” This was a big fanfare and he preferred being low-key.

Jiang Xies said, “It isn’t easy to welcome a designer. The Central Government is also very happy.”

Xie Xi saw the line of words that occupied the entire water curtain.

[Congratulations to Designer X, Designer IE for successfully designing an SSS-grade quasi-world.]

This line cycled three times. If the player’s hall was like this then Xie Xi didn’t need to look to know it must’ve blown in.

In fact, the scene of the player’s hall couldn’t be described with a frying pan. Every person was a pot and every pot had exploded!

“Oh my god, an SSS-grade world? This beats God X’s record of an SS-grade world!”

“This is God X’s design!”

“Wait, who is Designer IE???”

“Has anyone ever heard of this person?”

“No, I’ve never heard of it. He and God X actually designed an SSS-grade quasi-world together!”

Xie Xi wondered, “This world was originally S-grade. How can it become SSS grade?” Jumping two levels was too exaggerated.

“It is probably that the husband and husband match and we can do more with less effort.”

Xie Xi, “…” This person was never serious!

The thick-skinned Jiang Xie explained, “This quasi-world was also very difficult. It experienced collapse and was repaired. After the redesign, it is in a very complete state and being rated SSS-grade is normal.”

Xie Xi thought about it and generally understood.

If the quasi-world originally designed by Jiang Xie was only a young child, it went through many experiences and had its own clear will. It didn’t need Jiang Xie’s souls to support it and it was normal for the level to improve.

Xie Xi also had some ideas about the pole in the repair task and the coordinates of the old professor but Jiang Xie had already changed the topic.

“Look are your rewards.”

Xie Xi shot back at him, “Why don’t you look at your own?”

“I looked at it. There is a lot of broken copper and iron.” There were no surprises.

Xie Xi was speechless and didn’t know how to comfort this person.

Jiang Xie hadn’t been interested in rewards for 800 years but now he was interested again. After all, Xie Xi’s hands were particularly red and it was exciting to see what he would get.

Xie Xi accepted the reward and the millions of gold coins made him freeze.

Jiang Xie told him, “Look at the special reward.”

“So many gold coins…”

“Gold coin rewards depends on the person. Designing a world would give 500,000 at most… I guess that you probably got the maximum.”

Xie Xi didn’t need to ask. Jiang Xie must’ve only received 500,000 gold coins.

It was still a lot but in comparison… Xie Xi turned and kissed Jiang Xie on the cheek.

Jiang Xie was stunned and only reacted after a long time.

Xie Xi spoke with some embarrassment, “What’s mine is yours. Don’t care about these things.”

Jiang Xie didn’t care about this! He cared about his stupid self who unexpectedly didn’t take the opportunity to pretend to be miserable and let Xie Xi coax him more!

Xie Xi opened the special rewards column.

Jiang Xie was still immersed in miserable regret, as if he had lost millions.

Xie Xi’s voice called back his attention. “This thing is quite good.”

Jiang Xie looked over and replied after a pause, “It’s really good…”

Item: Different Space Shield.

Grade: Gold (Lifetime Binding).

Description: Limited to use in the quasi-world. After being used, the energy of a different space will be randomly extracted to form a shield. The duration is 30 seconds and the cooldown time is one hour. As the use of proficiency increases, the effect will increase accordingly.

This type of self-preservation item wasn’t annoying and Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie, “What is the energy of a different space?”

Jiang Xie knew this person hadn’t found the power of the item and explained, “If the energy of a different space is extracted in the quasi-world, it means nothing in the quasi-world can harm it.”

To put it simply, the energy extracted for this shield was foreign and didn’t exist in the current world. No matter what the current world used to attack, it couldn’t attack something that didn’t exist at all.

Frankly, this Difference Space Shield could be called an invincible shield.

For the 30 seconds it took effect, nothing could harm Xie Xi. The even scarier thing was that the cooldown time was only one hour. In addition, such a long duration and short cooldown time could be upgraded…

Jiang Xie repeated, “This is truly a good thing.” There was such a bug and Xie Xi’s safety index would burst!

Xie Xi understood and was also very happy. He had a strong self-protection ability and wouldn’t drag Jiang Xie down.

Fortunately, he hadn’t said this when he heard, “Baby, it won’t take long before I’m hugging your thighs.”

At this time, the group chat with the zombie squad blow up. “Are you IE? Boss, have you become a designer?”

He couldn’t hide it from them. After all, they knew the relationship between Xie Xi and Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi smiled and replied to them.

The group on Jiang Xie’s side was also blown up.

Improper Man Nan Yi questioned, “What happened? Little Rose became a designer? Isn’t he a repairer?”

Crazy Yan Zhe Who Wants to Leave: “An SSS-grade quasi-world, how did you do it?”

He asked this and the other people in the group had a warning in their hearts.

Sure enough, Jiang Xie started again. “In fact, I am also very puzzled. It seems that since I fell in love and have a person who loves me, good luck is coming.”

Improper Man Nan Yi was renamed to Crazy Nan Yi who Wants to Leave.

Crazy Yan Zhe who Wants to Leave is renamed to Yan Zhe has Already Left.

Then Old Qin said, “I got a task.”

This dog abuse moment, how could they care about a task?! Qin Ge directly posted the contents of the task to the group. Everyone saw it and was shocked.

[Quasi-world: New Civilization. Difficulty: SSS-grade. Designer X & IE, not cleared.]

There was no doubt that this was the quasi-world Jiang Xie and Xie Xi had just designed! Jiang Xie’s souls weren’t present so other people could search for it.

Jiang Xie was startled and couldn’t help kissing Xie Xi who was typing.

Xie Xi wondered, “Hrmm?”

“It is really good I met you.” Everything he did had value.

After half a second of silence, the group commented, “Old Qin, add me.”

An SSS-grade quasi-world, four gods plus a god’s milk could clear it! Jiang Xie and Xie Xi wouldn’t go. After all, they were the designers.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...