Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 28

Xie Xi’s birthday was March 17th. Jiang Xie told him half a month in advance, “Wait for your birthday and I’ll give you a surprise.”

Xie Xi never celebrated his birthday before. He didn’t like birthdays or this word.

Birthday, the day of birth. He hoped for a long time that he had never been born. If life was destined to be lonely and boring, what was the meaning of being alive?

Xie Xi couldn’t find the value in his birth so his birthday wasn’t a day worth celebrating.

Of course, it was different now. He had Jiang Xie, a tie to life who gave him warmth and the power of life. He wanted them to live together day after day, year after year.

Once he heard Jiang Xie’s words, Xie Xi was inwardly very happy but his mouth wondered, “What surprise? I don’t want to be surprised.”

Jiang Xie changed his words. “Then I’ll give you unexpected joy.”

Xie Xi thought, ‘You are my unexpected joy.’

He didn’t dare say it, not out of shyness. It was because this person’s nose was already high in the air. If he said this, Jiang Xie’s tail would probably soar into the sky and not fall down!

Xie Xi smiled. “Then I’ll be waiting for Teacher’s unexpected joy.”

Jiang Xie kissed the corner of his mouth. “Make sure you are happy enough to call me Husband.”

Xie Xi, “………………”

He wouldn’t kill this person!

March 17th was a Sunday but on the 15th, Jiang Xie had to go somewhere for a forum.

In the early morning, Jiang Xie was very heated up. “I want to accompany you on your birthday. No one can make me leave you.”

Xie Xi was held by him and couldn’t move. “Teacher, you just don’t want to leave the bed.”

This guy’s problem with leaving his bed was growing every day and he dragged Xie Xi into it.

Xie Xi was a self-disciplined person who never slept past 8 o’clock. Unfortunately, once he slept be Jiang Xie’s side, he was forced to go back to sleep whenever he woke up. Once Xie Xi was almost late and didn’t let Jiang Xie kiss him when leaving. He was also silently angry in the car.

Teacher Jiang had coaxed him, “It isn’t a big deal. I can give you a leave of absence.”

Xie Xi asked, “What’s the reason?”

Teacher Jiang declared righteously, “Accompany Professor Jiang, a well-known scholar who will change the world in the future, to go back to sleep.”

Xie Xi, “……” Have some face!

The meeting on Friday should be very important. Xie Xi was afraid of Jiang Xie skipping it and said, “If you go quickly, perhaps you will be able to return on Saturday?”

Jiang Xie sneered, “Are they worthy of wasting my wonderful night? I’ll be back tonight.”

Xie Xi pushed him, “How can you come back tonight? Get out of here!” He thought it needed several days.”

Jiang Xie didn’t let go. “I’ll return late in the middle of the night.”

Xie Xi thought of him running back and forth and felt very distressed. “Just return Saturday morning.”

Jiang Xie stared at him. “What are you talking about? I am already desperate at missing the hug and kiss before going to sleep. You still want to  deprive me of my morning hug and kiss as well as breakfast filled with love?”

Xie Xi, “…” He really believed in this evil!

Jiang Xie insisted on sending Xie Xi to school before going to the airport. Xie Xi was disgusted. “Go quickly. How can you send an adult like me?”

Once Jiang Xie was really gone, Xie Xi’s heart felt empty. He couldn’t adapt to this silence.

Jiang Xie was always active and enthusiastic. Xie Xi had thin skin and couldn’t stand the nonsense, but he still liked to listen. He engraved every word into his heart. If he had to leave Jiang Xie…

Xie Xi was shocked to find that he had long lost the courage to face the dark abyss.

Morning classes ended and there was no one to speak to at noon. Xie Xi wasn’t used to it. At this time, his phone rang and the caller ID was: Darling. Xie Xi’s face was hot. It had randomly changed!

He answered the phone and Jiang Xie’s voice was particularly clear. “Baby, have you eaten?”

Xie Xi, “…” He wanted to hang up on the spot!

“Darling isn’t here to make me tea and a meal. I miss you.”

Xie Xi cried out, “Don’t touch my phone!”

Jiang Xie replied, “My hands never touched it. I pay great attention to the privacy between lovers.”

Xie Xi knew that this person’s hands hadn’t made direct contact but…

“Don’t hack into my phone either!”

Teacher Jiang went online. “This is a test of your lessons. You should be able to set up simple security.”

He was able to do it but if he did, this person would come up with a new means of hacking. He… he couldn’t fight this old man!

Jiang Xie smiled. “In fact, there is a solution.”

Before he could finish, Xie Xi gave a harsh refusal. “No!”

He had no intention of seeing the name ‘Husband’ in his phone.

“Then there is no other way. We have to continue the class.”

Why was there such a class? However, Xie Xi’s professional abilities were increasing every day and the ordinary students were inferior to him.

Jiang Xie liked teasing the child and said, “If you want to eat well, don’t think about me or you won’t be able to eat anything.”

Xie Xi’s lips shook and his tone was sharp. “Absolutely not!”

Jiang Xie sounded melancholy. “It isn’t good. I’m a bit lost that you sound so happy.”

Xie Xi immediately softened and he whispered three words.

Jiang Xie clearly heard it but he pretended to be deaf. “What? You said you didn’t want me?”

Xie Xi blushed. “It… I miss you.” Then he hung up the phone.

Jiang Xie stared at the phone and his heart was itchy. He couldn’t wait to fly back and hold the child in his arms and kissing him.

How could there be such a cute and lovely big child in this day and age? It was also his!

Comrade Jiang thought this and felt that his footsteps were light enough for him to go to Heaven.

Perhaps it was due to this phone call but Xie Xi had a good lunch and was in an excellent mood all day as he listened seriously to classes. He wasn’t too anxious to leave school because Jiang Xie wasn’t home. He packed up his thoughts while thinking about what to cook.

Jiang Xie might come back in the middle of the night and Xie Xi had to prepare something for him. He was just thinking this when his phone rang.

Xie Xi thought it was the shameless Darling. He was smiling and was about to pick up when he found the caller was Sun Muqing.

Xie Xi stopped smiling as he accepted the call. “Brother?”

They hadn’t been in contact for a long time and hadn’t seen each other since the supermarket last year.

Sun Muqing sounded a bit anxious. “Do you have time? Let’s meet.”

Xie Xi froze and asked, “Did something happen?”

“It is important. Please meet me.”

Sun Muqing sounded like it was really urgent and Xie Xi always remembered his care during the enrollment and hurriedly agreed. “Okay.”

They met outside the school. Sun Muqing saw him and cried out, “Xiao Xie, you have to help me!”

Xie Xi asked again, “Brother, what happened to you?” He wouldn’t leave if he didn’t get an explanation.

Sun Muqing looked ashamed and remorseful as he took a long time to explain. In fact, his words were very vague and he probably concealed a lot, but the information he revealed was enough to make Xie Xi pull his hair.

Sun Muqing unexpectedly partnered up with people to steal the school’s internal information! This included the attendance records, the dormitory records, the scholarship registration and even the final exam questions…

Xie Xi was stunned. “How can you do these things!” It was too confusing and daring!

Sun Muqing replied, “I was tricked for a while. A school senior who graduated taught me and told me… this is very profitable. I… my family situation is poor. I was bewitched and…”

Xie Xi asked him, “Do the teachers know about it?”

“Yes… they are still looking for accomplices and haven’t released the information. However, once they draw in the net, I will be finished!”

This was a crime and expulsion would be a light consequence! He only said that he stole information. Who knew what else he did?

Xie Xi frowned. “Brother, telling me this is useless. I can’t help you. You should go to the teachers and confess…”

He hadn’t finished when Sun Muqing became more anxious. “You can help me, only you can help me.”

Xie Xi was surprised. “I’m a student, how can I help you?”

Sun Muqing didn’t say anything. He just stared at Xie Xi as if forcing him to tell the truth.

A bad feeling entered Xie Xi’s heart. He really couldn’t help Sun Muqing but Jiang Xie was different. Xie Xi felt sweat rolling down his back.

Did Sun Muqing…

Sun Muqing was really desperate and could only think of the man with Xie Xi.

He didn’t know the identity of the man but he was clearly expensive. People with money in this community always had better means. As long as Xie Xi asked his lover, Sun Muqing might be able to escape!

“Xiao Xie, I’m begging you. Please help me! I know you have a way. Don’t let me die!”

Xie Xi’s heart was cold. He never imagined that his trusted senior would do such a thing and use this to coerce him!

Sun Muqing saw that Xie Xi was silent and spoke harshly, “If you don’t’ help me, don’t blame me for revealing your dirty things!” Xie Xi’s back was tight and his voice was cold. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

Sun Muqing thought it was already a life or death struggle. “Okay, you don’t know. Then wait for me to send the photos to the school network and I’ll see if you still don’t know!”

He actually had photos!

Xie Xi’s brain worked quickly. He was sure that he and Jiang Xie were careful outside and never left any traces, but what if?

What if Sun Muqing intentionally tracked them and used fake photos to take advantage of Jiang Xie?

If Xie Xi and Jiang Xie were nothing then Xie Xi was naturally fearless…

But… they…

Xie Xi took a deep breath and his voice was very calm. “I can’t help you with this matter.”

Sun Muqing was standing on the edge of a cliff. “I don’t care. If you don’t help me, I will drag you down!”

Xie Xi’s forehead vein bulged. “I never offended me. Why do you want to drag me into the water?”

Sun Muqing replied harshly, “Who told you to do such things and seduce…”

He hadn’t finished his words when Xie Xi punched him.

Sun Muqing was shocked. “You…”

Xie Xi spoke coldly, “I might be guilty but I’ve never done anything that harmed the world. You committed a crime and should accept the punishment!”

Sun Muqing covered the side of his face was that punched. “Good, since you have such hard bones, wait until I send the photos and see if you still have a foothold in the school!”

Xie Xi wasn’t afraid for himself. He was only afraid that Jiang Xie’s reputation would be damaged. However, it was absolutely impossible for him to help Sun Muqing!

He wouldn’t leave Jiang Xie so there was only one solution. Xie Xi sneered at Sun Muqing. “Go send it. What’s the big deal? I’ll just drop out of school!”

Sun Muqing’s eyes widened and a disbelieving expression filled his face.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...