Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 10

Xie Xi was a good person but he was stunned as he fell into the guilt of being called a mother.

Who knew what he had been through?

The tiger was very cute. He was around the size of a cat with fur as white as snow and the fur was as soft as marshmallows. He had a pair of golden eyes and the gentle voice could really make a girl’s heart burst.

The roses were afraid of beasts but they saw this little guy and couldn’t help saying, “So cute!”

“I don’t know whose cub this is.”

“It is white, the Sage White Tiger…”

“Impossible, the Sage White Tiger only has martial arts in his heart. It is impossible to talk about love, let alone have a baby.”

“Yes! Lord White Tiger is a man of war and has never been near a woman!”

A flower whispered, “Speaking of which, wasn’t our Lord Azure Dragon also abstinent? Now isn’t he going to be married?”

It was obviously something that shouldn’t be said. The group of roses stared at him. “What are you saying. Our Lord Azure Dragon loves Xie Xi and broke the ring of abstinence for him. This is his true heart and there are no regrets!”

Xie Xi was speechless when he heard this.

Could they stop acting crazy by themselves? There was no desire or getting close to a woman.

Oh, it was true about the not getting close to a woman. It was because the third child was a big pervert who thought a male could give cubs!

However, there was one person who was normal. The startled Purple Nine asked, “You killed all these worms?” She asked the little tiger.

The tiger looked at her purple clothes with a hint of disappointment and then raised his chin. “Of course, no one can bully Mommy!”

The cub was small but rushed all this way with fearless strength. Xie Xi was sure this was Old Three.

As for who Old Three thought he was born from… Xie Xi wanted to ask Mr. Jiang this question.

Purple Nine was still talking to the little tiger. “You… beat the worms by yourself?”

This was very shocking to the roses. If compared to human society, it was tantamount to a small cat killing a mountain of zombies. It was amazing!

The tiger was very proud and held his head high. “I am my mother’s proudest baby, omnipotent!”

Xie Xi had a toothache.

Purple Nine asked again, “That… who is your father?”

“My father is naturally…” The little tiger raised his head and shook his back. There was no response and he shook it again… no response…

The little tiger was angry and swung its claws, grabbing a bug’s wings and placing it on his back.

He was satisfied and raised his head in a cool posture. “Of course, it is the invincible in combat, mother’s favourite white tiger of war!”

The group of roses, “…”

Xie Xi didn’t look. If this was his cub, he would throw the cub back into the furnace to be remade!

The white tiger prototype had a pair of wings. This little guy had no ways so he gave himself wings!

The yellow roses were worthy of being the family’s well-known easily swayed members. “It turned out to be the sage’s son. Really extraordinary!”

The roses looked at him and suspected he was blind. ‘Old Yellow, how can you see the insect wings on his back as extraordinary?!’

Xie Xi’s mouth twitched as he felt humiliated and lost.

The little tiger perfectly inherited his father’s nature. He boasted with his tail towards the sky as he looked at the yellow rose. “You have good eyesight but unfortunately, only my mother really understands me.”

Xie Xi wanted to slip away…

The little tiger had probably finished and stood up tall, only to suddenly cry out, “Mommy!”

Xie Xi didn’t look back.

However, the little tiger had already rushed over and steadily fell into his arms. “Mommy, Mommy, I found you!” Please consult a tadpole to find your mother.

The roses looked over with expressions of horror.

Xie Xi also wasn’t happy as he held the milk white tiger. “I’m not, I didn’t… I…”

He didn’t finish talking when the roses burst out laughing, “Hahaha, little tiger, you have the wrong person!”

Xie Xi, “………………”

The tiger didn’t care about them. He was excitedly rubbing his head in Xie Xi’s arms as if going to become bald.

Purple Nine couldn’t help saying, “He isn’t your mother, he is a male.”

Ah, Xie Xi forgot that men couldn’t be mothers!

The little tiger wasn’t stupid and quickly changed his words. “Daddy!”

Purple Nine froze.

The little tiger found a comfortable posture in Xie Xi’s arms and said happily, “Two fathers are confusing so I just call him Mommy.”

Purple Nine was surprised. “Your mother is a man?” In ancient times, there were mothers called Mommy but they definitely weren’t men!

The little tiger cocked his head. “I don’t know.” Then he turned around and asked Xie Xi, “…Daddy, are you a man?” Xie Xi had no expression as he decided to send the two people into the sky as fireworks.

Red Three came forward. “Little guy, you have the wrong person. This is a white rose but he isn’t your mother.”

Xie Xi was moved. He didn’t grasp the situation himself yet the others believed him. Who wouldn’t be moved?

A white rose spoke up, “Yes, this little tiger just called me mother.”

The other white roses smiled and responded.

The little tiger was angry. “I… I just got it wrong.”

Red Three opened his mouth, “Then aren’t you mistaken now?”

The little tiger cried out, “Of course not!”

The old chief calmly came to the scene and stated, “Us roses are born in a nursery and we never have children. How can you be sure that your next of kin is a white rose?”

The little tiger shook his fur. “This white colour is from my mother!”

Everyone was silent and cruelly stabbed him, “Sage White Tiger is also white…”

“It is because Daddy is so white that I can be this pure white! Have you seen any other tigers? They are black and yellow and hybrids of different colours!”

Xie Xi, “…”

Can you respect the king of the forest? This was tiger skin print and an authentic tiger colour!

The roses also believed it. “Yes, a tiger is mostly two colours. A full snow white tiger like this is indeed rare.”

A white rose wondered, “There are many white creatures. Why must it be a rose?”

The little tiger had evidence. He turned around and showed his back. “Look! There are two little petals here!”

The roses came around and examined him in detail. It was true…

“There really are petals…”

“Are the petals so thick?”

“Still, it does look like rose petals!”

“The shape, colour and also location…”

Xie Xi saw it too and whispered, “Are these your wings?”

The White Tiger had two wings. The little tiger shook himself for a long time because he was trying to get these wings out of the fur?

The little tiger heard Xie Xi’s voice and looked up with surprise. “Yes, the shape of my wings is in Daddy’s petals!”

Could genetics still be like this?

Xie Xi was deeply convinced in his heart!

The roses also believed it and glanced at Xie Xi with surprise.

Xie Xi couldn’t bear to fool them. “There might be some understandings. Let’s wait for Lord White Tiger to come and then it will be clear.”

He was so stoic that he didn’t look like a scum who was about to marry Azure Dragon while having a baby with White Tiger…

Everyone… they believed it again!

Xie Xi was afraid things would regress and stated, “I will take him back to the house first. I will bother Chief to send Lord White Tiger a letter asking him to come.”

The old chief replied, “Yes, I just don’t know if this letter can be delivered…”

Xie Xi was adamant. “It won’t be a problem.”

White Tiger was Gars and Xie Xi believed he would come.

The little tiger also said, “How can Daddy’s letter not be sent? My daddy will read and read it again, loving…”

Xie Xi couldn’t listen and rubbed the little tiger’s head. “Are you tired?”

The little tiger was bewitched by this gentle voice. “So tired!” His voice was young and spoiled.

Xie Xi’s lips curved downwards and he took the tiger back to his room.

He did it on purpose since he suspected this little tiger was pretending like the silver fox.

As for this silly fellow, wasn’t Old Three stupid?

A fool who dreamt about fighting a dragon!

Xie Xi closed the door and the tiger didn’t change. Instead, he shook his head as he looked around. “Daddy, you’re so poor.”

Xie Xi, “…”

The little tiger quickly added, “Still, it doesn’t matter. Any place with Daddy is the best!”

Xie Xi stared for a while and finally had to admit that this little tiger was just a little tiger.

Was this really the child of him and White Tiger?

Then the question was, how did they have a baby?

Wait a minute… plants seemed to have double… gender…

Damn! The little rose couldn’t help letting out a crude outburst. Surely he wasn’t a man and a woman? No, he had been here a few days and checked his body. There were no abnormalities!

But who set the rules… could a pure male body have a child?

Xie Xi’s scalp was numb and he wanted to learn Drunken Martial Arts and go hit the tiger after drinking a bowl of wine!

It was unknown how long the little tiger had been searching for Xie Xi and he also killed a bunch of worms. He was really tired.

Xie Xi thought of these things and the little guy in his arms had already fallen asleep.

Xie Xi saw the sweetly sleeping tiger cub and his mood was very complicated.

The world was really unusual. Who would think that one day he would wonder if a tiger was his child…

Wait, the White Tiger would definitely come and then he could ask Jiang Xie what the hell was happening!

He put down the sleeping tiger and opened the roster.

He had been busy all day and repaired flowers of various colours. He should’ve collected enough illustrations.

Sure enough, he opened the roster and prompts kept emerging in the lower right corner.

[Promotion Task: The yellow/ blue/ white/ red rose have been repaired and the illustration is missing a name.]

If he wanted the names then he had to look for the god’s wisdom.

Judging from the present clues, there were ten fragments of the god’s wisdom under the care of the holy beasts and demon beasts. He had to go to the Holy Mountain and Demon Sea respectively.

He had just closed the roster when he heard sad birdsong outside.

The little tiger was really worn out and his movements were restrained.

Xie Xi patted him on the back and smoothed out his fur, letting the little fellow sleep sweetly and comfortably again.

He looked outside and saw the sky lighting up.

The sound of the birds became much smaller and could only be heard intermittently, all of them full of sadness.

Red Three turned pale. “Hundreds of birds singing… Sage Vermillion Bird… is falling.”

Xie Xi was stunned.

Wasn’t Vermilion Bird the fifth prince? How could his soul be dying?”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...