Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Last bonus ko-fi chapter for GL.

Green Hat

Xie Xi had a full 60 years of experience and knew that this was simply a shameless naughty monster!

He changed the topic. “What happened to the open world?”

The old comrade floating on cotton candy didn’t care about other people’s affairs and replied with a perfunctory, “It’s like that.”

Xie Xi pretended to be thirsty and went to the pavilion to find something to drink.

This was the best way to divert Jiang Xie’s attention. This guy was really diligent when preparing drinks and didn’t let Jiang Xie do it at all.

Xie Xi tasted his favourite hot cocoa and his heart warmed, but his face was very stable. “What is it?”

Jiang Xie asked him, “Is it good to drink?”

Of course, it was good to drink. Xie Xi was used to the taste. The temperature, concentration and sweetness were just right. There wasn’t a single point that was off and only Jiang Xie who slept with him for 60 years knew how to make it. Xie Xi didn’t dare praise him in case this person’s nose went higher and asked, “What is the sun and the moon?

In addition, were those zombies human?”

Jiang Xie didn’t have to ask. He just needed to look at the corners of Xie Xi’s eyes and the raised lips to know the drink was delicious.

The dream created countless details that belonged to each other. Jiang Xie sincerely felt… it was a huge profit!

Jiang Xie also poured himself a cup of hot cocoa. He put it down after a sip because he really couldn’t drink it. “The open world also has a world story. Do you want to experience it?”

Xie Xi asked curiously, “Experience it?”

“Yes, we can act out a role and walk their script.”

There was such a thing? Xie Xi wondered, “What’s the use of this?”

Jiang Xie replied, “Experience is growth. This type of script is very safe and we can get a small amount of experience by walking through the steps.”

Xie Xi asked, “Is it beginner, intermediate or even senior experience?”

“It is experience for becoming a designer.”

Xie Xi was stunned.

Jiang Xie told him, “After all, all players are working to become designers.”

“However, aren’t there very few designers? What happens if they can become a designer?”

Jiang Xie didn’t answer and instead repeated a rule that Xie Xi had long known. “Beginner players can only stay in Central for two days, intermediate players for two weeks, senior players for two months and only god level is unlimited.”

Xie Xi understood that beginner, intermediate and senior players weren’t good because they couldn’t stay in the Central World. They had to constantly accept the quasi-world tasks while the quasi-worlds were dangerous. Entering meant continuing to face death.

Jiang Xie spoke once again, “The only known god-level occupation is the designer.”

Therefore, players wanted to become designers. It was only be becoming designers that they could freely stay in Central and obtain a certain degree of freedom, allowing them to embrace eternal life.”

Xie Xi frowned. “Only know god-level occupation?”

“Didn’t we talk about it before? This Central World might be designed by others. Then who designed this world?”

Xie Xi understood. “Designers can’t design a world of designers.”

This was very circular. Someone ‘designed’ the designers. This person wasn’t necessarily a designer. In other words, there was an existence on a higher level than the designer.

However, the Central World was only one layer of the doll and they couldn’t see the larger doll.

Jiang Xie smiled down at him. “These matters aren’t pressing since you haven’t reached intermediate level yet.”

Xie Xi looked down at his experience. “It is at 75 piints. As long as I pass a S+ quasi-world, I should be able to upgrade.”

The open world gave 15 points of experience. It wasn’t bad. It was less than Love to the Left or Right but more than the Fairytale Town.

Lost Atlantis gave him 30 points of experience. According to this ratio, he would be able to upgrade as long as the next world was S+.

Jiang Xie wanted him to quickly rise to the intermediate level. He wouldn’t be able to see the goodwill value after Xie Xi reached intermediate level. Wouldn’t it be beautiful if it was permanently locked at 999?

Thus, he asked eagerly, “Have you searched for the next world?’

Xie Xi glared at him.

Jiang Xie’s eyes curved. “Is it mine?”

“Nonsense!”

It was impossible to avoid it. The words ‘Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas’ were printed there!

Jiang Xie coaxed him. “It’s fine. I will accompany you to the next world.”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Will you lose your brain again?”

Jiang Xie told him, “Last time was an accident.”

Xie Xi’s heart wasn’t stable. “You shouldn’t mess around.” It was too dangerous. Previously, Xie Xi wanted Jiang Xie to suffer from his broken world. Now…

Jiang Xie’s heart was as sweet as honey. “We agreed to go together.”

Xie Xi told him, “I can handle it myself.”

Jiang Xie replied, “No, I feel uncomfortable at the thought of a group of bastards taking advantage of you.”

‘Aren’t you the bastard?’

Xie Xi was silent before dealing the fatal blow. “If you go, will they ignore me?”

Jiang Xie, “……………………”

The souls were destined to be attracted by Xie Xi, just as he had long been fascinated by this person. The difference with him going was that he would wear a green hat live.

Old Jiang felt malice from the world but he was stubborn. “I will still go.”

Xie Xi thought about it. “By the way, the Beginner Repair skill was brought out by me.”

Jiang Xie was shocked. Xie Xi explained his skill. The perpetual unlucky Old Jiang was shocked by the Emperor of Luck Xiao Xie.

How exaggerated was this good luck? It was almost unheard of.

Xie Xi told him, “I didn’t expect to bring it back either.”

Jiang Xie was silent for a long time before opening his mouth. “You were born a lucky A and I’m a lucky E. We are truly a natural pair.”

Xie Xi didn’t care about him and spoke seriously, “If I promote this skill, is it possible to repair what you lose?”

Jiang Xie’s heart warmed.

Xie Xi explained, “Of course, it can’t be repaired in the quasi-world but… I mean, in case…” He didn’t want to say it but he had to think the worst. “In case you can’t regain what you exchanged, is it possible for me to fix it for you?”

The Beginner Repair was so powerful. What about after it was upgraded?

If he could repair Jiang Xie’s lost things, he didn’t have to be afraid of Xie Xi accompanying him through the worlds.

This problem couldn’t be answered by Jiang Xie but he felt Xie Xi’s worry and nervousness for him.

Jiang Xie was reluctant to let him do. “It might be possible but the promotion task will randomly appear in the quasi-world. Thus, you will still have to go to the next world.”

The next world belonged to Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi suggested, “Can I go alone to the next quasi-world? If I upgrade Repair first…”

Jiang Xie said seriously, “No, I will lose half my life after being separated from you for a long time. In addition, you can’t repair fatal injuries.”

Xie Xi, “…….” This was just nonsense!

As he scolded… well…

Jiang Xie was keen to go and they were already in a team. Xie Xi also didn’t want to shake him off.

He asked Xie Xi again, “Do you want to experience the story of the sun and the moon?”

Xie Xi hesitated, “Can we become the sun and the moon?”

“It is possible to experience it.”

Xie Xi said, “But I…” He just wanted to see how the little sun and moon were. He remembered the pitiful little sun.

He didn’t finish but Jiang Xie understood. Xiao Xie had a hard mouth and a soft heart.

“It’s nothing. If we can’t experience it then we can just watch.” It was just a loss of some experience.

Xie Xi asked, “Will it bother them?”

“Of course not.” Jiang Xie answered. “The open world is also a real world. We freed them when we left.”

Xie Xi asked again, “Then what will we see?”

“It is just a flash of the truth.”

Jiang Xie held Xie Xi’s hand. “Don’t worry. Let’s go and see it.”

Xie Xi felt at ease and decided it was good to look. Jiang Xie opened the world plot and Xie Xi saw the word ‘exclusive’ below.

Xie Xi asked, “Did you buy it out?” Could the plot of the open world be brought out? How much did it cost?

Jiang Xie cleared his throat. “That boy was also our son so we should give them some privacy.”

Xie Xi’s mouth curved and he didn’t tear off this person’s excuse.

In the last part, Jiang Xie was too much of a foul and simply bullied the big boss, the moon.

There were many witnesses at the scene but they were all low-level players. They would at most feel surprised and not think too much.

However, any high-level player who bought the world plot would figure out something wrong at first glance.

Then the news that Designer X was in a low-grade open world would burst…

Old Jiang would have no face!

Old Jiang had no face in front of his wife but God X needed to maintain his position in front of many people.

Xie Xi had been in a trance after leaving the open world and hadn’t paid much attention to the little sun who grew up.

Now he saw this red-haired youth and didn’t really recognize him.

The contrast was too much. This hearty and handsome person with a smile that warmed the world by several degrees was the small crybaby?

As his ‘mother’, Xie Xi didn’t recognize him.

The thing that made Xie Xi stunned was the little silver-haired guy lying on the sun’s shoulder. His silver hair was very long and covered his entire body. His small face was delicate and soft. He raised silver-grey eyes and cried out fiercely, “I told you not to help them. It would be easier killing them!”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...