Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsed God 1

President? They were calling him?

Xie Xi was stunned. The shock of being president was far greater than being the flower god. After all, the mysterious identity of the flower god was too far away from his former world. The term president was…

He didn’t want to be the emperor of luck! Xie Xi would change his blood.

Now wasn’t the time to think this. Xie Xi slightly nodded and the man put down the black tea before leaving.

Xie Xi couldn’t examine the space he was in. He had to first read the information panel. This was the most important part of entering a new game and missing it was deadly.

The panel was still familiar. [Welcome to the quasi-world. Please read the information board carefully.

[Game Name: The Collapsed God.

Game Summary: Highly developed civilizations have dominated the universe. There is only endless exploration and development in people’s mind. The high degree of self-confidence brought about by science and technology blinded the eyes of the civilization until disaster struck.

Main Task: Repairing the collapsed god.

Side Task: To be refreshed.

Number of Loads: None.

Items Carried: A golden item box which has nine squares.]

There was no privilege. In all of Jiang Xie’s quasi-worlds, this was the first time Xie Xi didn’t get to choose a privilege.

In fact, as he travelled through several worlds, Xie Xi understood that the privilege was something the souls opened for him.

The privileges played a big role. In Love to the Left or Right, if the novice Xie Xi didn’t have the fatal injuries immunity then he would’ve gone crazy.

Lost Atlantis wasn’t easy and Xie was almost discovered a hundred times.

The Puppet technique seemed to have little effect in Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas but this was because Jiang Xie followed him. Without Jiang Xie to help, he could only rely on the puppets.

There was no privilege in this Collapsed God. Xie Xi felt that either this quasi-world had no souls or the souls couldn’t open it for him. No matter the possibility, he must attach great importance to focusing on this collapsed world.

Xie Xi refreshed the side task. The small funnel turned for a while before a line of words popped up.

[Side Task: Find the collapsed god.]

There was no need to continue to refresh. This task was almost the same as the main task and it was definitely a core task.

However, repairing a collapsed world had no customs clearance. It only depended on if the repair was successful or not, so the side task wasn’t important.

Even so, this side task gave Xie Xi a hint. The collapsed god referred to a real individual? Or was it simply the faith of the people?

As could be seen from the game introduction, this was a highly developed society which was more developed than the Earth Xie Xi was born on. After all, Earth people were still far from conquering the universe… Jiang Xie!

Jiang Xie, “???”

Speaking of which, this person really had a crow’s mouth. The two people were actually separated and Xie Xi didn’t know where this person was located.

The information panel was like this. Xie Xi memorized it before the panel slowly disappeared.

Xie Xi glanced at the bottom right corner and saw tips for the main and side tasks.

He hadn’t seen Roast Pork Bun for a few days so after coming to the quasi-world, Xie Xi pulled him out.

The kitten complained, “Daddy only likes playing with Father and doesn’t want me qaq!”

Xie Xi was very embarrassed. Jiang Xie was full of lewd thoughts and the two people did things together. How could he dare let out the kitten?

“Okay.” Xie Xi rubbed the small head. “A child should sleep more to grow quickly.” He had been with Jiang Xie for a long time and felt that his coaxing ability had really grown.

Roast Pork Bun was coaxed in minutes. “Really?”

Such a good trick was a huge contrast to his father! Xie Xi was even more embarrassed.

He cleared his throat. “Don’t sleep too long. Working and then resting is better.”

Roast Pork Bun was happy and rubbed against Xie Xi’s arms. “Daddy is so good. It turned out to be for me.”

Xie Xi, “…” His conscience was even more disturbed!

There was a kitten and this was equivalent to Xie Xi having an extra pair of eyes that could see further.

It wasn’t far from his original thoughts. He was indeed on an ‘airplane.’

It was just that in this era, it should be called an aircraft. It was the most common means of transportation that had replaced cars and flew much lower than planes.

Xie Xi wasn’t very flustered about this high-tech world. Compared to nothing, this place was much easier to obtain information from.

Xie Xi had an excellent identity and it was easy to read a bunch of things.

After being promoted to an intermediate player, Xie Xi filled up his available qualifications. Not only was his physical strength improved, his five senses had been strengthened to an exaggerated point.

A Repairer didn’t have any qualifications so Xie Xi had to spend twice or three times more money than average players. This didn’t matter because the thing that Xie Xi wasn’t lacking was probably… gold coins.

His five senses developed and his memory was enhanced. Xie Xi quickly swept over the information and remembered 70~80% of the world’s general background.

The language was no problem. Players had the language translator so he could easily speak dozens of languages.

The unexpected thing for Xie Xi was that this language was a mixture of Chinese and English. It was a bit awkward but fortunately, Xie Xi could understand it.

Next, Xie Xi saw his profile.

Name: Xie Xi.

Age: 3 rounds, 28 years old.

Gender: Rational

Identity: 39th president of the United States, supreme leader of the United States, commander of the armed forces.

Experience: First round’s highest position was Chief Justice, tenure. Second round’s highest position was vice-president, left the post after the expiration of his term and travelled around the universe. Third round graduated from the best university in the United States at 10 years old. Participated in the battle of Yama Star at the age of 13. Saved billions of people on Yama Star with outstanding mental strength and judgment. At 20 years old, returned to the Capital Star and joined the House of Representatives. At 21 years old, participated in the presidential election. Due to young age, he lost by one vote. At the age of 25, he entered the presidential palace with the highest number of votes ever.

This resume shocked Xie Xi so that he wasn’t in the mood to see the strange age calculation and gender.

Was he so powerful? Xie Xi didn’t know it at all.

It was true that in Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas, he became a god. However, he was the flower god. All he did was draw pictures and when he was tired, he slept for more than 20 years. He had no real power and was too lazy to manage things.

This was different. A sweep of the resume showed that this was true power. He was a true president who fought on his own.

Xie Xi felt a bit guilty. Didn’t the souls lose control of the world? How did they still give him such an identity?

It was unknown where Jiang Xie was but Jiang Xie had experienced many worlds. He had certainly tried any identity. If Xie Xi could find him, Jiang Xie could teach him how to be a president.

Xie Xi had enough authority to find someone in the universe but…

How to explain about the person he was looking for? If the government found out that the president had mutated, would they beat him to death?

Xie Xi could only temporarily be stable and continue to familiarize himself with his identity while waiting for Jiang Xie to come to him.

As long as there were no big problems, Jiang Xie should be able to find him. After all, the president had his name and face. Even a lowly person could see this information.

Xie Xi settled his mind and was in the mood to look at this strange age and gender.

His age was three rounds and 28 years old. The 28 years old was easy to understand but what did it mean by three rounds?

Xie Xi didn’t dare directly check. He was afraid to leave search records that could be found by interested parties.

He racked his brains and searched for half a day before discovering the social environment.

The civilization that had conquered the universe must overcome the short lifespan. The method that humans here found was ‘reincarnation.’ This reincarnation wasn’t true reincarnation that followed the concept of Earth, but it was a bit similar.

The first birth was the first round. The lifespan was around 200~300 years old and once the body’s function declined to a point that couldn’t be regenerated, they could apply for the second round.

The so-called second round wasn’t changing bodies to live again. It was random preservation of some experiences and memories.

For example, Xie Xi’s first round was the Chief Justice with tenure. After he entered the second round, he might retain his experience with the low but he lost the most basic survival experience. Thus, he needed some time to learn and adapt again to society. It was also possible that he didn’t retain his experience with the law and would become an ordinary person, which required re-working and starting a new life.

Reincarnation wasn’t the so-called forgetting dust of Earth but it was randomly retaining some things.

This might be unstable but the large population couldn’t resist. They wanted to leave more things behind than was possible in 200 or 300 years.

This was especially true for people who were outstanding in a certain aspect. There was a big chance of saving the experience of the previous round so that a child who was seven or eight could be outstanding in one aspect.

Xie Xi found this social structure quite fresh.

As for gender, there was no distinction between male and female. There was only rational and emotional.

Male and female were no longer labels that distinguished humans. It was because humans had long departed from the era of breeding and stepped into the more accurate and perfect era of gene pool reproduction.

Every year, the Ministry of Fertility used indicators to formulate new lives based on the number of deaths or the extent of territory expansion.

This number needed to be reviewed by the House of Representatives and the Senate. Finally, it would be signed by the president before the next reproduction cycle began.

People had no trouble breeding offspring and placed more focus into developing society, causing them to almost conquer the universe.

The so-called emotional and rational were a mental determination of gender.

Emotional people were rich in emotions and were more suitable for the development and creation of perceptual aspects such as art and culture.

Rational humans were calm and logical, making them more suitable for the formulation and development of rational aspects such as law, politics and the military.

Of course, this was just a simple distinction and wasn’t set in stone. An emotional human could be in the government and a rational person could achieve extraordinary achievements in art.

Just as people on Earth pursued equality between men and women, the people of this era pursued equality between emotional and rational.

By the time Xie Xi basically understood the world’s background, the aircraft stopped.

His secretary whispered, “Sir, we have arrived at the presidential palace.”

Xie Xi nodded. “Yes.”

He got up and saw himself on the bright silver hatch.

He wore a silver uniform with three black meteorites on his shoulder, representing the highest rights in the army. The national emblem of the United States was on his left arm, which was a perfectly blooming white rose.

Xie Xi saw it and wanted to laugh. This was truly Jiang Xie’s quasi-world since it was a rose.

He walked down from the aircraft and the presidential palace on the clouds gave an illusory feeling.

The pure white European-style architecture, the artificial sky garden filled with beautiful roses and the progressive white almost blended the building with the clouds.

Xie Xi was slightly stunned while Secretary Li told him softly, “Mr. President, the rebels of Star e981 have been arrested. Do you want to take a look?”

Xie Xi had a strange feeling.

He was the president. Would Jiang Xie be unlucky enough to become a rebel? Was he a rebel who was captured?

Well… it was necessary to take a look.

Xie Xi nodded “Connect the video.”

Secretary Li replied, “Okay.”

Then Xie Xi appeared in a place where criminals were held. It was only a holographic simulation but it was really difficult to distinguish from true and false.

The prison was also different from the Earth age. It was as clean as a laboratory, with white walls, an airtight room and a blue light curtain as a door.

Xie Xi saw Jiang Xie instantly. To Xie Xi’s surprised, Jiang Xie had indigo eyes.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...