Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 12 Boundaries 8

Xie Xi drew 17 or 18 round balls and couldn’t draw himself into a human form. Jiang Xie kissed him and he actually became a human?

What was this fairytale setting? It wasn’t right. Previously, Jiang Xie had kissed him and he hadn’t become a person. Was it because it was the middle of the night? Or perhaps…

A name! Today, Jiang Xie finally decided to give him a name and wanted to be with him. Was this the point?

There was a name and they kissed. Thus, he turned into a human? Maybe it also needed to be at night?

Compared to Xie Xi calmly analyzing the situation, Jiang Xie was stunned stupid.

Through the bright moonlight, he could clearly see the young boy in his arms.

The boy had skin that was whiter and smoother than jade. His face was beautiful and his eyes were as bright as the night sky. The thing that made Jiang Xie couldn’t think was that this boy was attached to his chest. He could feel the outline of the youth’s body through his thin t-shirt. In addition, Jiang Xie’s hand was on his waist and he was holding this person in his arms.

Jiang Xie realized his terrible position and removed his hands. Xie Xi’s senses returned and he gazed up at Jiang Xie. A slightly calmer Jiang Xie saw the cat ears between the black hair…

Jiang Xie’s heart thumped.

“Little… Rose?” Jiang Xies’ voice was hoarse.

Xie Xi’s ears moved. “Yes.” Hey, he could finally speak.

Jiang Xie was unable to stay on this bed. He got up and covered Xie Xi with the quilt. “You..” He didn’t know what to ask. It was like a dream. The kitten he adopted became a human in his arms…

In fact, Xie Xi didn’t know how to explain it. After all, he didn’t know himself what this quasi-world was like.

He thought about it and decided not to scare Jiang Xie. This youth was too superstitious. What if he drove Xie Xi away as a demon? In order to make fewer mistakes, he would continue to pretend to be a cat.

Xie Xi was a cat for a week and was already familiar with how to act. He yawned and lay down under the blanket to continue sleeping.

This trick really worked. Jiang Xie saw him like this and let go of his worries. This might be a person but it was truly Little Rose.

How could a kitten become a human being? This little fellow didn’t know it himself. Seeing him like this, it was obvious this person still didn’t know his own changes.

Jiang Xie calmed down and finally knew what he should do—find clothes for Little Rose.

Never mind how the cat became a human, he couldn’t dress too lightly or he would catch a cold. Yes, Little Rose would catch a cold without clothes.

Jiang Xie searched through his clothes for a while to find the right ones. He had worn them but they were washed clean and it shouldn’t matter. Jiang Xie came back with the clothes and Xie Xi was still pretending to sleep.

Jiang Xie’s warm voice called out to him. “Little Rose.”

Xie Xi’s ears moved and he sat up. The blanket slipped and Jiang Xie didn’t know where to look. Xie Xi muffled a smile and had to pretend not to know anything.

Jiang Xie cleared his throat and said, “I don’t know what happened to you but you have to dress in this.”

Xie Xi didn’t say anything.

Jiang Xie put down the clothes. “Wear my clothes first, okay?”

Xie Xi stared at it for a moment before his eyes curved. “I won’t.”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi lay back down to sleep, obviously very unhappy about being woken up.

Jiang Xie gazed at the smooth back and his Adam’s apple moved before he whispered, “You will catch a cold if you don’t wear clothes.”

Xie Xi turned to look at him. “I didn’t wear it before.”

“Your body is different from before.”

Xie Xi bowed his head and pretended to be surprised.

Jiang Xie’s heart was soft. “Don’t be afraid, this is nothing. Just put on clothes.” It was best to hide the cat ears as well.

Xie Xi stared at the other person and wondered, “What happened to me?”

Jiang Xie also wanted to know what was going on but if both people were confused, it would make the other party uneasy.

Jiang Xie reassured him, “It’s fine. You just changed your appearance.”

Xie Xi’s controlled his heart and he no longer teased this person. He obediently put on the clothes.

After wearing it, Xie Xi remembered that he shouldn’t know how to put the clothes on as a cat.

Still, if he let Jiang Xie help then he was afraid this young man would steam himself.

Xie Xi wore the t-shirt and he found a problem at the same time as Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi not only had cat ears, but he also had a cat tail. The ears were fine but how could he wear pants with the tail?

Xie Xi, “…”

This teenager who wanted to be a rogue, did he expect Xie Xi to not wear pants? Jiang Xie’s head was buzzing and his ears were red.

Xie Xi could only ask him, “What should I do?”

“I will help you modify it.”

Jiang Xie went to find scissors and cut a hole in the pants. Xie Xi looked at the airy pants and dressed cautiously.

He didn’t dare to tease Jiang Xie because he was afraid of being teased when he returned to Central.

The young boy in front of him was a simple child who couldn’t do anything. If this was changed to Old Jiang of Central…

Stop, Xie Xi was too afraid to think about it!

Unfortunately, Xie Xi couldn’t help thinking about it. Jiang Xie might be only 17 or 18 years old but he was very tall, at least 1.85 metres. Xie Xi was only 1.7 metres and Jiang Xie’s clothes were loose on him. In addition, there were the cat ears and tail.

It was foreseeable that the teenager wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight! Xie Xi didn’t want this but since this was the situation, he couldn’t control it.

Jiang Xie seemed to be trying to ease the awkward atmosphere and desperately searched for a topic. “You are a boy.”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “You don’t like it?”

Speaking of which, what was Jiang Xie’s s*xual orientation? Jiang Xie was stunned before opening his mouth. “I like.”

Xie Xi, “…” The atmosphere was once again awkward.

Jiang Xie realized his words were ambiguous and changed them. “I mean, I like you no matter what you look like.”

Xie Xi, “…” This was more like a confession.

Jiang Xie wanted to dig a three metres large hole and bury himself. “I… um, you sleep here. I’ll go outside to sleep.”

Xie Xi suggested, “Let’s sleep here together.” Outside was a small sofa. How could such a tall man squeeze onto it?

Jiang Xie worked hard to find a reason. “The bed is small and can’t fit both of us.”

Xie Xi wondered, “Is it okay if I change back?”

Jiang Xie was surprised and stared at him. “Can you change back?”

Xie Xi also didn’t know but he could try. “You kissed me and I became like this. Perhaps I will change back if you kiss me again.”

Xie Xi honestly wasn’t thinking much when he said this.

He was objectively considering the sleeping problem. Jiang Xie was too poor and only had one bed. Jiang Xie might not need to go to school on weekends but this was the age when he was growing. It was bad to stay up all night.

It would be much more convenient if Xie Xi could change forms at will. Jiang Xie’s mind was full of: kiss me… kiss me… kiss me…

Xie Xi, who hadn’t thought much, was taken askew. Jiang Xie’s voice was tense. “It is because of a kiss?”

Xie Xi suggested, “Shall we… try it?” He had already done everything. Why was he embarrassed now?

Jiang Xie unexpectedly agreed. “Okay.”

Xie Xi was surprised but took the initiative to go up and kiss the young man. The moment their lips touched, a fire seemed to burn in Jiang Xie’s eyes. Xie Xi’s heart was hot and it felt like countless kisses touched him.

Jiang Xie’s brain buzzed and by the time his senses returned, he was holding this person in his arms and kissing the other person hotly and eagerly.

By the time the two of them separated, they were both panting. Xie Xi desperately reminded himself: underage, underage, underage.

He finally suppressed his fire and said, “It didn’t work. I’m not changing back.”

Jiang Xie felt that he was going crazy. He unexpectedly… did such a thing.

“I’m going to sleep outside!” Jiang Xie turned and walked away. Xie Xi didn’t dare stop the youth since he was afraid of committing a crime.

It was a pity that both of them slept unsteadily this night.

Jiang Xie opened his eyes to a bright sky. He felt as if he had been dreaming. How could Little Rose become a person? How could he kiss Little Rose?

His heart filled with indescribable emotions when he thought of the kiss.

It felt like he had found something that had been missing for a long time, as if he waited countless days and his cursed life was for this moment.

Both of them fell asleep at dawn and ended up oversleeping. They were both a bit stunned when the doorbell rang and Kang Hong’s voice was heard.

Kang Hong called out, “Jiang Xie, aren’t you taking the cat for a check up? Why aren’t you awake yet?”

Jiang Xie told him not to help but Kang Hong still wanted to go together. The kitten had never been to the hospital. What if he was afraid?

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...