Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 22

Two or three hundred years should refer to the life of the rose family. This truly wasn’t long for a sacred beast.

Nine Tails cried out, “Do you want to deceive him for a lifetime?!”

Houqing whispered, “Isn’t it good? Deceiving him for a lifetime means he won’t be deceived.”

“No, you are really cruel.”

Houqing didn’t say anything.

Nine Tails’ voice became fiercer. “You are letting him live a lie for the rest of his life. HIs life is a tragedy and will be meaningless!”

Hearing this, how could Xie Xi not understand?

This was truly full of dog blood. The identity was unknown but there must be white moonlight in Houqing’s heart who couldn’t be obtained or died early.

His little rose looked like this person and Houqing loved him as the white moonlight.

As Houqing’s brother, Nine Tails naturally saw this with one glance, He felt that his brother was obsessed and was kind enough to come forward. Unfortunately, his younger brother was stubborn.

The rose family had a life span of two or three hundred years. Houqing saying that he could deceive the little rose for a lifetime was truly gentle and cruel.

Letting a person be a substitute for someone else and not even knowing after death. Living a life that was a lie really caused people’s scalps to tingle.

If Xie Xi was really just a small rose flower, he would probably be filled with despair after hearing this.

How good was Houqing to him, how sweet were the two of them and how desperate would the rose be after hearing such a ‘truth.’

It was because Houqing’s goodness was false. All his words were meant for others and this sweetness would only be for 200 years.

Houqing indulged in his own fantasy, treating Xie Xi as someone else and even planned to lie to him for a lifetime…

It was really too cruel!

Unfortunately, Xie Xi wasn’t the small rose. He saw Nine Tails’ trick instantly.

All the things in front of him should be illusion magic, not reality.

The reason for his doubts was because the low cultivation Xie Xi could see Nine Tails’ illusion but his mind discovered the logic flaws.

How high was Houqing’s cultivation? What was his cultivation path?

If Xie Xi could hear the conversation between Houqing and Nine Tails, shouldn’t Houqing feel Xie Xi’s breath? Houqing felt his breath yet still exchanged such words with Nine Tails?

Lying to Xie Xi for the rest of his life, this was deliberately being spoken to him! The logic was so unreasonable that Xie Xi suspected it was Nine Tails’ illusion.

Of course, it was possible that Nine Tails hid Xie Xi’s breath so that Houqing didn’t notice he came back. After the next set of primers, Houqing told the ‘truth.’

The reason why Xie Xi was more inclined to it being an illusion was because in the last world, the sixth prince was a real angel while the second prince (Nine Tails) was a demonic little master. This contrast meant that Xie Xi naturally believed in the angel!

Still, no matter what, the little rose who saw this scene would be unable to think.

He just sweetly sipped the jade bottle and now he heard such a truth. If he could stand still then he must be a strong flower!

Xie Xi didn’t rush inside and had to brew his mood.

A substitute… maintaining his calm while revealing subtle sadness and despair. Not daring to speak because speaking would case his heart pain…

Ah… it was so hard…

Director Jiang, you can act yourself!

By the time Xie Xi entered the room, the conversation between the two of them had turned to different things.

After seeing him come in, Houqing got up and asked, “How do you feel?” Xie Xi was paled and lowered his eyes. “It doesn’t matter.”

Houwing was upset and held his hand. “If you aren’t feeling well, we will go back first.”

Xie Xi shook and attempted to pull away before stopping, “Your Excellency…”

“Hrmm?”

Xie Xi moved his lips and spoke in a low voice. “I want to go home.”

His voice pulled at both their hearts and Nine Tails even felt a pang of regret…

Houqing frowned. “Are you uncomfortable? I’ll take you back.”

“I…” Xie Xi bit his lower lip and shook his head.

Nine Tails knew that the home he said was Rose Mountain. This small rose knew the truth and how could he want to go back with Houqing?

Houqing became aware that something was wrong. “What happened?”

Xie Xi barely managed to smile. “Sure enough…I shouldn’t be greedy.” It seemed that he was talking about his greed in drinking too much.

NIne Tails understood clearly and regretted it so much that he wanted to turn back the clock, so that everything he did before would disappear, so that Xiao Wei would still be sweet with Houqing. Even if… even if…

No, it wasn’t really sweet. After all, Houqing didn’t deserve him.

Houqing was even more distressed. “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have taken out two bottles. Are you very uncomfortable? I’ll take you back to rest.” He got up and told Nine Tails, “Brother, let’s go back first.”

Nine Tails nodded. “Yes.” No more words were needed. He was afraid that he would rush over and grab at a certain person.

Xie Xi lost his soul and was listless as he let Houqing hold his hand.

In general, Xie Xi wasn’t satisfied with this play. She felt that he only acted out 30~40%. However, to deal with a soul, he could only come up with half achievements…

No matter what the souls imagined, Nine Tails’ plan seemed to work.

The record in the god’s wisdom was about Nine Tails. Thus, the moment he walked out of the palace to leave with Houqing, he felt a pull, like he popped out of the picture and then entered again.

Xie Xi felt a bit stupid. The moment he opened his eyes, he felt a freezing cold. It was too cold and his petals trembled.

Wait… what petals? Oh, he had turned back into a rose and would soon be frozen in this world of ice and snow.

At this moment, he heard Nine Tails shouting anxiously, “Little Rose, where are you?”

Xie Xi wanted to speak but he was too cold. He couldn’t even maintain his human form, let alone open his mouth.

Nine Tails’ voice was hoarse. “He isn’t worthy of your love, he isn’t worth it. If you want to go to him, I will send you back. You will…”

At this moment, he finally felt the faint breath of the rose flower that was about to disappear. Nine Tails rushed through the depths of the ice and snow and carefully held the white rose in the palm of his hand.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...