Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Bonus ko-fi chapters left:

GL: 2

Shifting from One to Another

The moon was furious after hearing this. The sun was constantly helping people, making him stay awake day and night.

Then these trash didn’t hesitate to use such dirty means for their own selfish desires!

If the moon was really a young child who didn’t know the world, he would’ve been deceived by them and turned into a tool for enslaving the sun. However, the moon wasn’t a child. Once the men came in with all types of things, he shouted, “Get out, don’t try to take me away!”

Xie Xi saw this and his heart thumped.

Jiang Xie waved his hand.

Xie Xi whispered, “They’re still too simple.”

No matter how powerful or how good their qualifications, they were simple children who hadn’t explored the world.

Humanity had conquered the world. They might not have power or qualifications but they had worldly experience.

The moon’s mouth exposed everything. The men glanced at each other and malice was born.

Originally, they wanted to trick him and not tear apart off their masks in front of the sun. However, the moon saw through the intentions. They didn’t give up despite the sun’s eventual rage and simply tied up the moon!

They couldn’t go against a big person but what about a small child?

They swarmed and easily subdued the moon.

The little moon panicked. He couldn’t walk out of this room but they were going to force him outside.

It was impossible to ask for mercy with his temper. He would rather be burnt to death by the light outside then ask for mercy from such a disgusting group of people!

This group used a lot of effort to bring the small moon out of the house. As soon as the light hit him, the little moon screamed uncontrollably.

It hurt too much, it was really too painful.

It was as if there were countless needles tied to him, stabbing in and then being pulled out, leaving a bright redness behind.

His appearance frightened the men.

“W-What’s going on?”

“He’s afraid of the light!”

“He is very hot and is burning up!”

The man holding the moon threw him to the ground and the young child fell, the blood making him look miserable and terrifying.

A very long time ago, the moon was as big as the sun. They were both young children and clung to each other in the Holy Land.

One day, the bored moon was very curious about what was outside the Holy Land. He walked out along but was burnt and couldn’t move.

At the time, he thought he was going to die and that he would be burnt to ashes by the light.

The sun suddenly grew up and found him, picking him up in sturdy arms.

The moon couldn’t open his eyse and the sun’s clear voice was heard in his ears, “Don’t worry, there is no pain. I’ll blow on it and it won’t hurt.”

The moon’s pain really stopped. The moment he entered the sun’s arms, the scalding heat slowly stopped and he healed.

Since then, the sun was always grown up but the moon maintained the appearance of a young child, never growing.

In the present, the sun came back and saw the small moon curled up and bloody.

He turned pale and his veins bulged. “What’s going on?”

No one had ever seen him so angry. They had never seen him furious. No one ever thought the originally warm sun would become a brutal fire!

Those who took the moon out of the house were burnt to ashes and even those who followed the sun were burnt. The fire stretched out and burnt countless fields!

It was a disaster that horrified people…

Only the small moon gradually recovered in the sun’s blazing fire. The little moon eventually opened his eyes and the sun’s eyes were red. “I’m sorry.”

The little moon frowned and tried to speak fiercely in his weak voice. “I have long told you that you should leave them alone.”

The sun hugged him and cried out in a choked voice. “It’s my fault.”

The little moon stretched out his healed arms and hugged the sun. “Let’s go home.”

The unprecedented soft cry touched the sun’s heart but…

“Wait.” The sun told him, “I want to find out why your body can’t grow.”

The little moon froze and bit him on the shoulder. “What do you mean by I’m not growing?  Do you think my body is small?”

The sun was distressed. “How can I dislike it? I just…” He paused and whispered, “I know you want to grow up.”

The moon had strong self-esteem and was more curious about the outside world then the sun. However, since the incident at an early age, the moon never walked out of the Holy Land alone.

The sun often saw him standing at the exit or standing in front of the mirror while looking at his small body.

Who wanted to be trapped in one place forever? Who was willing to lose his freedom? Who wanted to be a child forever?

The sun didn’t want to see the moon unhappy.

The moon released his anger and his voice was muffled by the sun’s shoulder. “I don’t want to grow up.” If the prince was… then he would rather be like this forever.

The sun smiled and promised, “Afterwards, I will always go out with you. Wherever we go, we’ll be together, okay?”

The little moon scoffed. “I don’t want to see these annoying people!”

“I can’t leave you here alone anymore.”

The little moon frowned. “Then let’s go back to the Holy Land!”

The sun suggested, “Wait a bit more… once the peace blossoms are open, if we can’t find a way for you to grow up then we will return to the Holy Place.”

‘I don’t want you to become smaller when you find it.’ The moon didn’t say this and nodded. “Okay, wait for the peach blossoms to open. If you still don’t go back, I will leave.”

“It is a promise.”

They stayed but unfortunately, life became unsettled after the fire. The sun had a child who was afraid of the light. The sun’s energy had set fire to the entire forest.

Humanity was afraid of the real powerhouses. In particular, there was the obvious heterogeneity of the sun and the moon. Rumours that the moon was a devil quietly spread and the two brothers became aware of it once it fermented to an uncontrollable level.

By this time, it was already too late. The humans found a justified reason for their greed. They seized the moon under the pretense of eliminating the devil and threatened thes un.

The moon was too weak and the sun was afraid that he would be hurt. The sun promised to do anything for them.

How could the people be satisfied? They started to want the power of the sun and wanted to know the secret of his ‘eternal life.’

Once the peach blossoms were in full bloom, the sun fell into the traps set by the people and his body was pierced by the spears he had smelted.

The sun fell into a coma and the light that illuminated the entire world disappeared.

The moon came out. He took step by step with an expressionless face. His body gradually grew from a young child to a tall boy and finally a handsome man with silver hair.

Everywhere he went, the sky became dark and a silver glow spread under his feet. It was like flowing mercury that brought unparalleled beauty and death with it.

People were terrified and surrendered their weapons to him. It was a pity that they couldn’t hurt him.

The silver light covered the earth like it wanted to wash away everything filthy and all traces of humanity were gone.

This included humans. Since then, there were no humans in this world, only the walking dead.

The moon picked up the sun that had turned into a baby. The sun was too weak and didn’t remember anything. Once he opened his eyes and saw the moon, he only showed a bright smile.

The moon stared at him and his voice was as cold as ice. “Idiot.” However, tears slid down from the corner of his eyes.

Xie Xi was stunned. “They… has it always been like this?”

Jiang Xie told him, “Continue to watch.”

Then there was the world ruled by the moon. It was cold and dark, like a huge tomb.

The moon wanted to turn everyone into zombies and control the world. Thus, he needed to maintain an enormous amount of power.

Under these circumstances, the sun couldn’t maintain the appearance of a young child and was always in a baby state. He forgot everything and didn’t know anything. He was afraid to leave the Holy Land.

It was because the darkness outside would corrode him, just as the moon was burnt by the light.

The moon knew that as long as he helped this person go outside, the sun would slowly grow up and remember the previous things.

However, the moon didn’t want to. He wanted to end all the disgusting things. Until one day, the sun who had forgotten everything saw the moon and screamed out, “Brother.”

This word was like placing a soldering iron on the ice that covered him. The moon no longer saw the sun but still heard his voice.

Brother, Brother, Brother, Brother…

One cry after another was like a sharp knife scraping off the ice that sealed the moon’s heart.

Then the players entered the open world and the underground game field consumed the power of the moon. Jiang Xie completely defeated him and the sun came back.

Xie Xi saw only one fragment of what happened to the open world after he left.

The sun held the little moon and walked out of the dark Holy Land. He turned the zombies back into humans but never got involved in their lives.

The little moon was sulking and the sun reassured him, “I won’t repeat the same mistakes.”

The little moon cried out, “The human heart is like that!”

The sun replied, “The human heart isn’t constant.”

There were greed and restraint, evil and good, cruelty and kindness. There was no need to deify humans and no need to hate them.

The sun said, “They aren’t gods or demons. They are just humans.”

The sun stood on the highest mountain and used his greatest strength to place a fiery ball in the middle of the sky.

If a person looked closely, they would find the smiling face of a naive child, emitting countless light and heat that lit up the whole world.

The moon was silent and the sun turned towards him. “I can only maintain this for a while. Once I’m tired, can I change with you?”

The moon was disdainful. “I will only turn them into zombies!”

The sun replied, “That’s good. Let them have a peaceful sleep under the light of the moon.”

“What peaceful sleep? I want them to have nightmares!”

The sun laughed. “Yes.”

The moon continued, “I will make everything dark and black.”

“Good.”

“I will also release zombies to catch the people who don’t sleep!”

The sun kept nodded. “Yes.”

The moon still wasn’t willing. “Also…”

“Okay.” The sun told him, “You can do whatever you want.”

The moon thought of countless cruel means before finally saying, “I’m too lazy.”

Finally, the world had a sun and a moon, a warm day and a cold night, with balance and constraints.

The plot was over. Xie Xi took a moment for his spirit to return.

Jiang Xie wondered, “Isn’t it like a fairytale?”

In Xie Xi’s world, the sun and moon weren’t like this. They were two stars and the moon was very small.

Xie Xi opened his mouth. “It’s very good.”

Such a world was also very good. It was a logical and rational world, as well as a world filled with emotions and dreams. This was the real truth.

Jiang Xie asked, “Are you relieved?”

He was relieved. The sun had the moon to take care of him while the moon had the sun. The two of them were together, balancing each other and relying on each other.

Old Jiang was evil for a second. “Unfortunately, they are always big and small. How can they be intimate…”

Xie Xi glared at him. “They are brothers!”

Jiang Xie blinked. “I am still a father.”

Xie Xi, “………………”

He had absolutely no misunderstandings about Jiang Xie. This guy was never serious! Xie Xi was so angry that he directly left the garden.

Jiang Xie was startled but didn’t chase him. He only sent a message, “Tell me before you enter the world.”

Xie Xi replied to him with a single, “Yes.”

He didn’t want to risk Jiang Xie but he couldn’t stop Jiang Xie. Rather than let him do something silly, it was better to have him under Xie Xi’s eyes.

Jiang Xie sent a message to his group. “Are you free?”

Yan Zhe didn’t want to see him for a while and ignored it. Qin Ge was more honest. “?”

Jiang Xie replied, “Do you want to spar for a while in the training field?”

The entire group was silent.

Jiang Xie told them, “Don’t be afraid. I will stand still and be your sandbag.”

Yan Zhe couldn’t figure out what this fool was doing. “Have you finally lost your mind?”

Jiang Xie explained, “I want to consume my power so the price of going to the next world will be relatively small.”

It turned out to be this…

Yan Zhe was in a good mood since he could justify screaming and hitting Old Jiang! Jiang Xie spoke again, “I know you won’t go so I’ll tell you the good news first.”

A few people in the group, “…….” They had a bad feeling.

Jiang Xie deliberately cleared his throat. “Xiao Xie said that we will get married again. At that time, I will send you an invitation.”

The perpetual single dogs wanted to go and beat up this dead person!

Jiang Xie added another knife. “Ah Zhe, don’t come. You won’t be able to damage me and it will be a waste of time fighting you.”

The pure healer God Yan was silent for a second before swearing, “Fu*king arrogant self-off Old Jiang!!!!”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...