Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 32

They might’ve lost the game but the rule of the game field was they could pass as long as they experienced three projects.

Of course, anyone who could leave the sleeping pod had won the game, even if Jiang Xie and Xie Xi died once.

Xie Xi still felt some confusion but he wasn’t as confused as before. He needed some time to think. He needed to think about him and Jiang Xie… um…

Too many sweet memories surged in. Xie Xi could only desperately think about the souls and Jiang Xie’s identity in order to calm down.

This wasn’t the simple Teacher Jiang in his dreams but a designer who made countless worlds.

Jiang Xie lost all his memories in the dream. However, designer X had experienced countless years, had many experiences and memories and knew countless things…

Xie Xi didn’t know him. The 60 years might’ve been a lifetime for Xie Xi but they were just a few fingers for Jiang Xie.

Nevertheless, Xie Xi believed in Jiang Xie’s words. He believed the two people in the dream were real.

Without Jiang Xie, he wouldn’t be able to imagine such a beautiful dream.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Jiang Xie was the one who pulled him out of the past and gave him a new life, giving him new possibilities and a life he couldn’t imagine.

It was really great.

Xie Xi whispered, “Thank you.”

“Hrmm?”

After 60 years, Jiang Xie still remembered his ‘setting’. He asked, “What did you just say? My ears are still buzzing.” They were previously shocked by the big rooster’s scream.

Xie Xi remembered this and approached with a smile. “Thank you!”

Jiang Xie suddenly bent his head and the two people almost kissed. Xie Xi’s heart was tense. They had done everything in the past but after waking up…

The old rascal actually didn’t take advantage of this opportunity. His eyes fell on Xie Xi’s lips before he moved away. “There is no need for thanks. I should be the one thanking you for letting me experience such a dream.”

Xie Xi quickly got back to the topic. “The dream was about my life and you helped me emerge from my past.”

“This dream was also full of what I longed for.”

Xie Xi was stunned and asked Jiang Xie, “Teacher, before…”

Jiang Xie explained, “My parents have been dead since I was born. Before I came to the Central World, all the people I knew had died.”

Xie Xi felt a tug on his heart.

Jiang Xie continued, “The only thing I wanted was for someone to grow old with me.”

They met at the best age and went together towards the end of their lives. Jiang Xie always remembered that when he was about to die, Xie Xi pretended to be calm but his heart had already gone with Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie couldn’t even tell Xie Xi to live well. He didn’t want Xie Xi to be alone, nor could he bear it if Xie Xi wasn’t.

Xie Xi smiled.

Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “I just said it wrong.”

Xie Xi had decades of getting along with this person and instantly felt that he was going to speak nonsense.  Sure enough, Comrade Old Jiang had a calm face as he stated, “To be precise, my only desire is to grow old with you.”

Xie Xi’s eyes curved. “Teacher might be disappointed.”

The Teacher Jiang in the dream wouldn’t panic if he heard this. He would definitely say, “Child, you are very greedy. Do you want to be young with me forever?”

Now… he looked at the -365 goodwill and didn’t dare say it.

Xie Xi continued, “The Central World has eternal youth. Wanting to grow up together is a very rare thing.”

Jiang Xie was stunned before he couldn’t help saying, “Then we will be young forever.”

Xie Xi smiled at him. Jiang Xie retreated and cut it even shorter. “We will be together.”

Xie Xi laughed. “Let’s leave the world first and wait until you remember everything.”

Jiang Xie was very concerned about this. “What happened between us previously?”

Xie Xi didn’t try to fool him and only told him, “Don’t think about it.”

This was a tacit understanding caused by the dream. If Xie Xi had said these words previously, Jiang Xie would only be more curious and then cranky as he wanted to find out the reason.

Now… he felt it instinctively.

Xie Xi was still worried about his thoughts and diverted his attention. “I don’t know how much time has passed in reality.”

Jiang Xie answered, “It shouldn’t be too long. The sleeping pod has no nutrition equipment. If the dream is too long, we would’ve starved to death.”

The game field was limited to 72 hours and they probably hadn’t exceeded this time yet.

Xie Xi suddenly had a thought. “Would we have woken up if our bodies feel hungry?”

“Our spirit would be dead before our body became hungry.”

Xie Xi thought it was wonderful. “The decades in the dream felt very long.’

In fact, after waking up from the game, many things about the 60 years of life were hazy. Most things were remembered but in front of reality, the dream truly became dreamlike.

Jiang Xie asked him, “How do you understand the concept of time?”

Xie Xi had come into contact with some philosophical books and wondered, “Is it a human feeling?” The concept of time was created by humans. Humans always felt that time was real and constantly moving forward. In fact, this might only be derived from human thoughts.

Humans couldn’t understand different forms of time so time could only be like this. Like little bugs running across the ground, it was impossible to understand with a human mind.

Jiang Xie told him, “You have to remember that your time isn’t equal to other people’s time and the truth of others isn’t necessarily your truth.”

Xie Xi was stunned. He understood some parts but not others.

Jiang Xie smiled at him. “When you have a chance, you should try and upgrade to a designer.”

Xie Xi thought about Love to the Left or Right and the six princes and had no interest in being a designer. “Explain it again.”

“Once you become a designer, you will be able to see more possibilities.”

This warmed Xie Xi’s heart. “Will I understand more about time and reality?”

Unexpectedly, Jiang Xie shook his head. “There will be even more things that you don’t understand.”

“Why?”

“It is because beyond the light, the darkness is infinite.”

Xie Xi was stunned. Jiang Xie changed the topic. “Let’s go, it’s time for us to leave.”

Xie Xi had many questions he wanted to ask but also felt he couldn’t. A designer? A role close to a god, wouldn’t he be able to see further? Xie Xi’s heart rate somewhat increased.

The rest area of ‘dream come true’ was quiet beyond words.

In the previous two projects, everyone who survived was thankful. They might’ve lacked an arm or leg but they were vibrant.

There were very few people in this rest area and those who were present were sitting apart while looking like they lost their souls.

Xie Xi frowned and could understand their mood.

Waking up from such a dream would indeed make the person lose the ability to face reality. So what if they could tell the falsehood of the dream? The reality of waking up was even colder.

They might think that staying in the dream was a better idea and regret waking up.

After all, in the beginning, Xie Xi thought it would be nice if he didn’t have the fatal injury immunity.

It was Jiang Xie who pulled him out of those thoughts.

It was a dream but the two people were the truth.

These words woke Xie Xi up.

At this time, a pale women who Xie Xi knew came out. She was the young woman who survived the I love you VS shameless game.

Xie Xi remembered that her name was Tan Lei.

In the cruel game, Tan Lei had always been calm and she was unscathed at the end. Xie Xi’s impression of her was a strong and calm woman.

Now she was haggard to the extreme.

Xie Xi vaguely felt that something wasn’t quite right…

He turned to look at Jiang Xie and Jiang Xie shook his head.

Tan Lei stopped walking and stared up at the dark sky.

There was no light in the game field and it was as dead as an underground grave.

She stared at the sky in a dazed manner and it was unknown what she was thinking. Perhaps it was the beauty of the dream, the cruelty of the past or the confusion and despair of the future…

Finally, she closed her eyes, pulled out a sharp dagger and stabbed her own heart.

Xie Xi called out, “Don’t…”

Jiang Xie raised his hand. Xie Xi knew Jiang Xie’s meaning but…

Jiang Xie told him, “She is already dead.”

She didn’t die under the dagger just now but died a long time ago. Jiang Xie stopped Xie Xi because he knew that no one could save a person who was already dead.

Tan Lei walked out of the game but lost her faith in living and didn’t have the courage to continue.

There was a bitter taste in Xie Xi’s heart. Jiang Xie knew how soft Xie Xi was and comforted him. “For her, death is a good thing.”

Xie Xi suddenly grabbed Jiang Xie’s hand. Jiang Xie was surprised. Xie Xi didn’t say anything and only gripped the hand tightly.

Jiang Xie became as soft as cotton as he thought that Xie Xi had seen Tan Lei and thought of himself.

This type of game was very tormenting to people’s spirits. The stronger the person, the more they couldn’t help thinking about it.

Trying to wake up and break the dream, trying to get out of the game alive, but it was actually better not to come out.

This type of loss and despair, Jiang Xie knew it better than anyone else.

He said, “Don’t think too much, you are…”

He hadn’t finished saying ‘very strong’ when Xie Xi opened his mouth. He looked up at Jiang Xie and asked, “How did you endure it previously?”

Jiang Xie was stunned. He hadn’t expected Xie Xi to be worried about him.

Xie Xi’s heart was filled with pain. “You have encountered this type of game many times. Teacher, how did you endure?”

Jiang Xie was shocked for a while before laughing. “Don’t you know how powerful your husband is?”

Xie Xi, “………………”

Okay, in this matter, Old Jiang was second to none. No one would dare to rob the throne from him!

Jiang Xie and Xie Xi settled the dead Tan Lei but couldn’t do anything for the rest. A mental problem wasn’t easily fixed.

After completing three projects, they could leave the game field. Xie Xi still had the side task of repairing 100 people.

He wasn’t anxious about this. Instead, he was more concerned about his main task.

Main task (1): Admire the newly born sun.

They were entering the underground labyrinth but he still had no clue about this task.

The main task was also a guiding task. He had more than one side tasks and it was estimated that there were several main tasks, yet he still hadn’t completed the first one.

He was thinking about the newborn sun when Xie Xi and Jiang Xie exited.

There was an announcement. “Congratulations on passing the trial of the game field. You have received the key to enter the underground labyrinth! Please go to the underground labyrinth and find your way home.”

There was a lot of information and it seemed that the underground labyrinth was the last stage. It was estimated that most people’s main tasks were aimed here and it was just the method of clearing it that was unknown.

At the end of the announcement, Xie Xi and Jiang Xie were sent somewhere else.

Xie Xi opened his eyes and was shocked.

After spending decades in a normal life, Xie Xi’s mood was very complicated after he saw the zombie arms and legs!

He was a student and doing research. Why did he have to dance with zombies?

The group of four half zombies rushed over, like motherless children seeing milk. “Boss! We missed you!”

Xie Xi, “…….” There were so many people here. He didn’t want to be treated as a psychopath!

The one-legged Zhu Li hopped over, “Boss, I want legs! I want to be a two-legged beast!”

Xie Xi didn’t ask anything else. It had probably happened in the third project.

Xie Xi gave him a leg and Cao Yan and Zhuo Liu also came over. Their situation was basically the same. They were missing an arm or leg and sought him out.

Xie Xi repaired them one by one and asked, “What’s with these arms and legs?” The zombie arms and legs were piled up like a mountain. It could probably last the group of four for a few years!

Zhu Li hesitated before saying, “That… we found a few compatriots…”

Xie Xi didn’t know that while he was dreaming, he had become the mysterious leader of a large organization…

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...