Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 10 Boundaries 13

The Demon God?

Xie Xi remembered the purple-eyed Jiang Xie and his last sentence, ‘Then I don’t need to exist.’

Xie Xi’s head buzzed. There was another soul? Wasn’t it only one soul for every small world? How could the Gemini world…

Xie Xi finally reacted. Gemini… there was the twins part!

Without thinking, he hadn’t expected there to be another soul so Xie Xi didn’t look at all. He was only concerned about Angel Jiang.

According to the law, the souls should revolve around him. How long had the other Jiang Xie been secretly watching him and become disheartened enough to give up last night?

What should he do? Xie Xi had been fed so much sugar in this world that he forgot the days when he danced on the tip of a blade.

His thoughts were a mess as Jiang Xie pulled him to take refuge in the first auditorium.

This was the first time that Xie Xi saw elements of magic. The students who arrived were shrouded by huge shields that the teachers supported.

The teachers usually put their wings away and looked like ordinary people. Now they all showed their demon appearance, huge black wings filled with an unknown power and bringing endless security.

The students in the auditorium were panicked and couldn’t help whispering.

“How could there be such a big shock?”

“I heard the teacher say that the Demon God has fallen…”

Once these words came out, the entire auditorium was silent before someone’s scared voice was heard. “How is that possible? How could our Demon God…”

A wrath demon said, “It is an angel’s intrigue?” A sloth student blocked his mouth. “You will die if you speak too much.”

It was true that they couldn’t say this. Heaven and the Demon World had been peaceful for many years. If such an idea was born, there would be a big mess.

Fortunately, rationality prevailed and no one was angry with the angels.

The sloth demons might have lazy bodies but their minds were clear. One brother said, “The Demon God has been sleeping for more than 100 years and didn’t the last festival. The domain masters thought he would wake up for this festival. Who knew…”

These things were unknown for Xie Xi. He pricked his ears and listened carefully. After all, it was an important clue.

Xie Xi was 105 years old this year. The Demon God fell asleep over 100 years ago? Did it have something to do with him? Wasn’t he born after the Demon God fell asleep?

It didn’t matter if the Demon God was sleeping. After all, their lifespan was long and governance of the Demon World had long been assigned to the domain masters. There was no need for him to interfere.

However, the fall of the Demon God was fatal. He was the pillar of the Demon World. Once he fell, the Demon World would fall apart. The domain masters could temporarily hold it up but this was just a drop of water in the bucket. It wouldn’t last long.

The discussion of the crowd focused on two points. One was why the Demon God fell. What happened? The other was the fall of the Demon God causing the collapse of the Demon World. What should they do?

These questions couldn’t be answered by the students taking refuge here.

Jiang Xie held Xie Xi’s hand and told him, “Don’t be afraid.”

The Demon World might be ruined but there was Heaven. He could take Xie Xi out of here.

Of course, Heaven couldn’t ignore such a big thing as the Demon World collapsing. If the Demon World’s collapse was truly irreparable, they would find ways to accept the demons.

Xie Xi wasn’t afraid there was no place for him. He was afraid that something would happen to the souls!

It could be concluded that the Demon God was definitely Jiang Xie’s soul, otherwise the entire Demon World wouldn’t collapse.

Did this world really have two souls? He only touched Angel Jiang but ignored Demon God Jiang?

Who wanted this?

Wasn’t Demon God Jiang too efficient? He said he would fall and he fell. Couldn’t he leave some room for Xie Xi?

Wrong…

The panicked Xie Xi became a bit calmer.

If the Demon God truly died then the angel in front of him wouldn’t be safe.

The souls moved the entire body. If one was in an accident then all of them would suffer.

Thus, there must be a turnaround!

Xie Xi stabilized. The thing he had to think about now was how to calm Angel Jiang while coaxing Demon God Jiang.

The Demon God was dying and must be double coaxed. Angel Jiang experienced such sweetness for so long that if he saw Xie Xi being good to others, he could really kill himself with jealousy!

He hadn’t figured this out yet when someone came to find Xie Xi.

The sudden arrival of four-winged demons shocked the audience.

The sloth, envy and greedy demons knelt down and shouted, “I greet the domain masters!”

That’s right. Three demon masters had come and one of them headed straight to Xie Xi. “Come with me.”

The envy domain master reached out for Xie Xi but Jiang Xie held Xie Xi’s other hand.

Xie Xi definitely had to go but Angel Jiang…

“Let’s go together>” The sloth domain master glanced at Jiang Xie, no emotions in his light grey eyes.

The next moment, Xie Xi found that he and Jiang Xie were in a different place.

They weren’t in the crowded first auditorium but a grand hall with a dome.

The floor of the temple was a smooth black mirror with six pillars on each side. Each pillar had a different pattern and the exquisite carvings were impressive.

There was an empty throne and the throne’s back was very high. It was as high as the pillars on both sides and had complicated lines on it. It was unknown where the light came from but there was a dark purple halo on the throne.

Even Xie Xi could understand it. This was the Demon God’s Hall in the Seventh Domain. The throne in the middle was the position of the Demon God while the six pillars represented the six domain masters.

Xie Xi sighed with relief with he came here. According to this situation, there was still a chance of saving the Demon God.

Xie Xi was sure that he could restore the Demon God as long as there was one breath left!

It was an emergency and the domain masters didn’t speak nonsense. Greed opened his mouth. “We will temporarily stabilize the Demon World. You quickly wake up the Demon God!”

Xie Xi asked, “Hasn’t the Demon God fallen?”

Greed replied, “He gave up the position of god. It is the same as falling!”

Just giving up the position of god, okay…

Xie Xi wanted to continue asking but Jiang Xie took his hand. “If the domain masters can’t wake up the Demon God then what can Xie Xi do? He is just a student who hasn’t yet graduated.”

His voice was cold and a tremendous uneasiness gripped Jiang Xie’s heart.

Envy sneered. “A student who hasn’t graduated yet? He was one of the seven favourites of the Demon God 100 years ago.”

Xie Xi could easily accept this type of setting but since Angel Jiang was present, he had to pretend to be panicked.

Greed opened his mouth. “He was reincarnated. How can he remember this?” He was obviously referring to Xie Xi.

Envy cried out, “If he hadn’t reincarnated then the Demon God wouldn’t have fallen asleep!”

Sloth didn’t like to talk but his words were the most useful. “Don’t talk nonsense. The urgent task is to save the Demon God.”

Envy sneered and was silent.

Greed came forward and told Xie Xi, “You don’t remember anything but 100 years ago, you were the demon master of lust and the lover of the Demon God. We don’t know what happened between you but as a result, you reincarnated without a word and the Demon God fell asleep.”

Xie Xi knew it. How could there be no previous setting? This wasn’t a relationship. It was being engaged in a previous life!

He saw Jiang Xie’s brain hole and could basically guess more of it. Xie Xi loved this person but he was treated as a tool for a dog blood drama.

Xie Xi was really wronged. Since when did he treat Jiang Xie as a tool for X?

He wanted to be abstinent day and night! Wait…

Xie Xi thought of Angel Jiang beside him and glanced over. Sure enough, this person had thin lips and was pale.

Xie Xi had long been accustomed to this type of scene and didn’t find it strange.

Greed continued, “Only you can make the Demon God return.”

Xie Xi was really afraid that the Demon God would come back while Angel Jiang would leave!

Jiang Xie didn’t release his hand and his voice was low and cold. “Since he is reincarnated, he is no longer the master of the Seventh Domain. What will happen if he goes?”

Envy said, “If it wasn’t for your existence, would the Demon God become disheartened?”

Jiang Xie had no fear. “I can’t let him go. He is my lover. Another person’s life has nothing to do with him.”

Envy grabbed at Jiang Xie’s collar and scolded him, “If the Demon God doesn’t exist, the Demon World is finished. Do you believe that I won’t kill you?”

Jiang Xie’s face didn’t change colour. “I won’t give Xie Xi to anyone.”

“You…” Xie Xi saw that Envy really wanted to act and was anxious.

He knew that the soul couldn’t be a simple student but Xie Xi didn’t want to fight here. No matter who lived or died, it would be a half death and this meant death!

Xie Xi told them, “I’ll go so don’t hurt him.”

These words could only be described as ‘wonderful.’

It meant he would go to wake up the Demon God but it also subtly comforted Angel Jiang. ‘I’m not going because of the previous life’s melodrama but for Jiang Xie.’

Jiang Xie was really coaxed. He said, “No, this is the Demon God’s choice. Xie Xi, you…”

Envy reached for Jiang Xie’s neck.

The ‘frightened’ Xie Xi cried out, “Don’t… the Demon World is my home. I don’t want to watch it fall!”

Envy released his hand but Jiang Xie didn’t release his grip on Xie Xi from beginning to end.

Xie Xi said, “Can you let Jiang Xie go with me?”

Envy questioned, “Why? Are you afraid that I will kill him if you leave?”

Envy’s words were delivered quickly and accurately. Xie Xi declared, “I must guarantee his safety or I won’t go anywhere.”

Sloth spoke up, “Let them go together.”

There was a faint trace of mockery in the grey eyes that stared at Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi felt a bit uneasy but he couldn’t throw away Jiang Xie.

Forget the domain masters, even Xie Xi himself wasn’t at ease. The best way to save the gourd was to place the gourd right underneath his eyes!

Xie Xi’s previous words barely give Jiang Xie a stimulus. Regardless of what the domain masters said or what happened 100 years ago, at least the current Xie Xi loved him and only him.

This gave the angel endless comfort and allowed him to stabilize his mind in front of this great change.

What was the domain master or Demon God’s lover? It was all in the past and Xie Xi had discarded it. He was now with Jiang Xie.

This comfort disappeared instantly after seeing a portrait of the Demon God.

Xie Xi also never imagined that the place to wake up the Demon God would have such a huge portrait.

The man with six wings coming from his back had a pair of purple eyes. His eyelashes drooped slightly and he looked downwards. His distant line of sight seemed to contain the magic to penetrate into the hearts of people.

This was only a portrait yet it contained such a majestic pressure. It could be imagined how powerful the real person would be.

The three domain masters saluted to the portrait.

Xie Xi stared at it in a dazed manner, senses not returning.

Jiang Xie lost all blood the moment he saw the portrait, all previous comfort disappearing like a ghost.

The Demon God in the portrait looked exactly the same as him. The only difference was the colour of the eyes.

Sloth glanced at him and spoke slowly, “It seems that even after reincarnating, the only one in Lord Lust’s mind is the Demon God.”

Now Xie Xi understood why Sloth agreed to let Jiang Xie come and the previous mocking in his eyes.

Xie XI was used to seeing the different ‘forms’ of Jiang Xie and had forgotten this!

‘It must really be fun. Jiang Xie, how much do you like acting as a substitute? Can’t you change the pattern? Hey, forget it… you should develop fewer tricks to abuse yourself!’

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...