Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 11 Boundaries End

Jiang Xie saw Xie Xi eating well and felt more comfortable than anyone else.

After six years, he had come back to take revenge on Xie Xi, taking away the Chengyu he raised with painstaking effort and letting him feel the pain of loss.

However, Jiang Xie didn’t feel any joy after his success. Xie Xi tried hard to please him and this made Jiang Xie even more humiliated.

In the one month when he went abroad, he saw Jiang Hong recover and Jiang Xie gradually calmed down.

It was only when he came back and saw the haggard Xie Xi that he woke up.

Revenge on Xie Xi wasn’t what he wanted. He only wanted Xie Xi from beginning to end.

Even if Xie Xi deceived him, even if he was insulted or rejected, he didn’t want Xie Xi to suffer any harm.

Losing Chengyu was undoubtedly a huge blow to Xie Xi. Jiang Xie left silently for a month and Xie Xi’s tenacious mind couldn’t withstand it.

How many people jumped from high buildings because of bankruptcy, how many people were devastated by falling from the peak, how many people gave up their lives because of the collapse of their careers?

There was no doubt that Xie Xi was strong but no matter how strong a person, there was a weakness that couldn’t be ignored.

Jiang Xie’s absence in this one month definitely placed a huge psychological burden on Xie Xi.

The little bit of hope he felt dimmed, countless negative emotions rose and there were inevitably psychological problems.

Jiang Xie thought of these things. The more he thought about it, the more fear he felt and the higher the chances of the white space being activated.

After seeing Xie Xi’s loss of appetite and insomnia, Jiang Xie wanted to say several times that he would return Chengyu to Xie Xi.

Revenge and deception didn’t matter. He just wanted Xie Xi to be okay.

However, the psychologist gave him more objective advice.

Jiang Xie went to consult a well-known psychologist about Xie Xi’s problem, hoping to get a proper plan.

The psychologist made it clear that simply giving Chengyu to  Xie Xi would only push him into a deeper abyss and he would never be able to recover.

It was difficult to gain happiness if the meaning of survival was placed on illusory interests.

This time, Jiang Xie took away Chengyu. What if another person did it next time?

Xie Xi would never be able to hold up if there was one more similar experience.

His most fundamental problem wasn’t the loss of Chengyu. It was his long-standing weariness of the world.

His childhood experience made him lonely and indifferent. The cruelty of his family made him not believe in family. Chengyu was his only goal in life.

This goal was clearly unhealthy. Once lost, Xie XI would face the tragedy of total collapse.

The psychologist suggested for him to help Xie Xi experience a new life, to see different scenery, experience different happiness and find a healthier, more positive and happier motivation to live.

This way, he would get rid of the shackles and regain a new life.

This was why Jiang Xie took Xie Xi to climb the mountain.

Of course, Xie Xi couldn’t not know about this. Even if he didn’t know, he could still appreciate Jiang Xie’s mind.

He also achieved his purpose of pretending to be tired of life.

Jiang Xie took the initiative to find a psychologist, to understand this psychological state and to ‘treat’ Xie Xi according to the program.

This was mutual. Helping Xie Xi find a motive for survival was also helping Jiang Xie find one.

They both needed to look at different landscapes and find new meanings for survival.

Xie Xi ate two small dumplings in one breath. He was going to eat the third one when Jiang Xie stopped him. “That should be enough.”

Xie Xi blinked. He hadn’t eaten enough.

Jiang Xie saw this person’s shining eyes and was relieved, but he still insisted. “You have been hungry for too long. You can’t eat too much at one time.”

Such a small dumpling, normal adults could eat 12. He only ate two! It was just a fraction!

‘Dr Jiang’ was very strict. “You can drink more porridge. It is good for digestion.”

Xie Xi, “…” It was over. he didn’t have a chance to sneak some food and would have to climb to the top of the mountain. He was going to starve to death!

Fortunately, Jiang Xie had a firm opinion and didn’t starve him. After walking for a while, he felt that Xie Xi had digested enough and gave him another meal.

This method of eating less but more often was very good for Xie Xi’s current state. It was unknown where Jiang Xie got such good insulation boxes but the heat was preserved through the entire process and it wasn’t cold at all.

Xie Xi unknowingly went to the top of the mountain under the seduction of the crab dumplings.

He really wasn’t tired. The journey was basically a flat road and they occasionally took breaks. Not to mention, Xie Xi was really healthy, even if he was really thin.

On the contrary, eating food and the exercise caused the blood in his body to circulate and he was more energetic.

Jiang Xie stretched out his hand. “Come here, there is nobody here.”

He had already arranged for someone to clear this place. The sunrise from this corner wasn’t the best but it was the purest.

Xie Xi took his hand and walked up the last few steps.

The timing was just right. They stood on top of the mountain together and saw the sun slowly emerging from the sea.

The rising sun and falling sun were very similar. They were all red and dyed everything around them red.

However, they were still very different.

The morning sun rose slowly like it was breaking free from its shackles.

As the sun plunged into the sea, the light was like a long ribbon, holding the dark sea and the dark sky together.

This sunrise was a dazzling, transparent and fearless gold. It would surely illuminate the darkness, returning the beautiful blue to the sea, the clear blue to the sky and bringing light and hope back to the world.

Xie Xi watched it.

Jiang Xie took his hand and whispered, “Is it beautiful?”

Xie Xi nodded. “It looks good.”

The beauty of the morning sun was as magnificent as the setting sun. However, one was a desire for life and the other was the sinking of death.

People lived and were destined to be like the morning sun, infinitely pursuing desires and life.

They headed back and Jiang Xie said, “I have been in the US for the past month.”

Xie Xi didn’t reply.

Jiang Xie confessed, “Jiang Hong’s illness has made a breakthrough and she finally recovered.”

Xie Xi knew this but had to make a surprised expression. “That’s great.”

“Yes,” Jiang Xie continued. “If people live, there are always countless opportunities.”

Talking about Jiang Hong was to give Xie Xi confidence.

A person who lingered at the ghost gate gained new hope. Those who were healthy shouldn’t abandon their lives.

Jiang Xie kept speaking. “She didn’t return to China. She has been bound to a hospital bed for the past few years and now she wants to see the world.”

Xie Xi’s lips curved. “That’s good.”

“Yes, as long as you look, there are many things that are fun.”

Xie Xi’s smile became clearer. “That’s true.”

This mountain climbing incident achieved great results. Xie Xi’s mental state was much better.

In line with the principle of persistent efforts, Jiang Xie went with Xie Xi to climb another mountain on the weekend.

The sleepy Xie Xi thought, ‘We can climb mountains but can it not be so early! I’m sleepy!’

However, Dr Jiang was very assertive and took him to climb a slightly more difficult mountain.

Xie Xi pretended to let himself sweat, eat more (he didn’t have to pretend with this) and once again saw the sunrise. He actually liked this activity.

Climbing a mountain wasn’t boring because he could see beautiful scenery on the way up. More important, it was really happy to hold hands and look at these sights with his loved one.

Half a month later, Jiang Xie took Xie Xi out again.

Xie Xi asked, “Which mountain are we going to climb this time?”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Don’t be afraid. We’re not climbing a mountain this time. I want to take you to a place.”

Xie Xi was curious. “Where?”

“You’ll know when we get there.”

Xie Xi’s appetite was raised and he was interested as he entered the car. Then he was stunned when he arrived at the destination.

This was an orphanage. Xie Xi hadn’t expected Jiang Xie to bring him here.

Then his chest became warm. In this small world’s setting, Xie Xi had stayed in an orphanage for several years.

Xie Xi didn’t have these memories but he knew that life there was far from happiness.

Jiang Xie was paying attention to Xie Xi’s emotions and reassured you, “You can rest assured that this place is very good.”

Funding an orphanage was actually a very troublesome thing. Simply giving money would only stimulate the greed of adults and wouldn’t benefit the children.

The focus was on supervision and implementation after the investment.

Whether the money entered someone’s pockets or was used on the children, this was the key to funding.

Giving money without asking questions, this was just charity for the sake of it. Real charity was making sure that every bit of the money went where it was supposed to.

Obviously, Jiang Xie had put in big effort.

The moment he entered the orphanage with Xie Xi, the children enthusiastically approached him and there was no falsehood in their joy.

On the other hand, some older people saw Xie Xi and were full of vigilance.

Jiang Xie smiled and introduced him. “This is my friend.”

The moment he spoke, the children showed shy and cautious smiles towards Xie Xi.

Xie Xi was shocked. He didn’t have memories of the orphanage but he could imagine—

The Xie Xi of this world’s emotions would be stirred up when he saw this scene.

Jiang Xie was redeeming him, wholeheartedly wanting to bring him out of the mud and into a new life.

The afternoon passed quickly and the two people chatted a lot when they went back.

Jiang Xie explained, “It was originally for my sister’s illness…”

This was the motivation behind many wealthy people doing charity. They wanted good blessings for their loved ones.

Jiang Xie spoke softly, “Later, I found it was very meaningful.”

Possession something was satisfying but much more could be done after acquiring it.

Empty wealth stimulated people’s nerves and filled them with dissatisfaction. Appropriate pay could make people feel real satisfaction.

Xie Xi whispered, “Thank you.”

There was no doubt that Jiang Xie had done this all for him.

Jiang Xie glanced over and his gaze fell on Xie Xi’s lips. Xie Xi’s heart jumped and a blush unexpectedly appeared on his cheeks.

He wasn’t afraid of the shameless Jiang Xie. He was afraid of such a serious and cautious Jiang Xie.

This was a simple kiss but the entire space seemed filled with the sound of heartbeats.

Once they parted, Xie Xi whispered, “Aren’t you afraid I’m tricking you again?”

Jiang Xie held his hand. “I’m afraid.”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Then why are you…”

Jiang Xie sighed. “Because I love you.”

Xie Xi knew the answer but it was still like being hit by an electric current. He was indescribably moved.

His feelings poured up to the tip of his nose, welling in his eyelashes and to his eyelashes. “I am like this… you…”

Jiang Xie held him. “Take your time. Anything you don’t know, I’ll teach you.”

Xie Xi said softly, “I am 11 years older than you.”

“You are only seven years old.”

At the age of seven, Xie Xi witnessed his mother’s suicide. Since then, the meaning of his life had simply been to live.

Live through all means, unscrupulously and desperately. This was the deepest shackle, the most helpless cage.

Xie Xi didn’t speak for a long time. He didn’t have these bad experiences but he was still warmed by Jiang Xie’s love. He was truly lucky to have encountered such a good Jiang Xie.

Days passed and it was soon half a year. Xie Xi’s physical condition had fully recovered and he gained some weight.

Jiang Xie was relieved. He realized this was a different Xie Xi, a more real Xie Xi, but this made Jiang Xie love him even more.

Xie Xi was very comfortable and the two people fell in love with the mountain climbing activity.

In winter, Jiang Xie unexpectedly arranged an itinerary. Xie Xi’s eyes widened. “A snow mountain?”

“Do you want to go?”

Xie Xi replied with great enthusiasm, “Go!””

He had seen all types of sunrises but this was the first one on a snowy mountain.

Of course, sunrise on a snowy mountain still depended on weather conditions. However, Jiang Xie looked for someone to investigate and the basic problems weren’t big.

If they didn’t see it then they could do it again. Climbing was fun and it was more interesting when the two people were together.

The accident happened at this time. Even if they checked in advance, climbing a snowy mountain was still dangerous. It was really hard to defend against the snow-covered ground.

The moment Xie Xi stepped on air and fell straight down, he immediately summoned the god’s wisdom and sketch pen.

Before he could do anything, Jiang Xie had already hugged him and rolled down with him.

Xie Xi was protected by Jiang Xie and his arms and hands couldn’t move. They rolled all the way down until they were stopped by a tree. Jiang Xie hit the tree and let out a groan of pain.

Xie Xi anxiously asked, “Are you okay?”

Jiang Xie spoke at the same time. “How are you?”

Xie Xi’s eyes were red. He knew nothing would happen to Jiang Xie since he could draw countless medicines. Still, he couldn’t help being distressed and anxiously. “What can happen to me when you protected me so tightly?”

Jiang Xie told him, “It’s nothing.”

Xie Xi fluttered around him. “Don’t move. I’ll call for someone.”

Jiang Xie looked up and noticed tears falling down. Xie Xi took out his phone and called a number. Once he finished giving the specific information, his hand was held tightly by Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie’s eyes were burning. “Why are you crying?”

“Do you want to die?”

“Are you afraid of me dying?”

Xie Xi’s tears flowed out even more. “I’m afraid, I’m very afraid.”

After saying this, Xie Xi felt a pulling sensation. He left the world of Taurus.

He turned his head and saw Taurus sleeping in the garden. It was over and the light group of this small world had also disappeared.

Xie Xi was startled. He couldn’t tell who was fixing who in the end.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...