Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsed God 18

“Rational?” Jiang Xie’s breathing was a bit fast and there was a stubborn smile on his face. “This isn’t a good joke.”

Xie Xi’s heart was empty, like something was dug away. He tried to calm down. “I’m not joking.”

The smile on Jiang Xie’s face froze.

Xie Xi never made a joke. During the months where the two people met each other, Jiang Xie often teased that Xie Xi didn’t tell jokes and that he was sometimes too serious.

Jiang Xie liked Xie Xi, thought he was good and found this rational behavior cute.

Now…

Xie Xi showed his earring, the calm and rational dark blue stinging Jiang Xie’s eyes.

Every person had an instrument that represented their identity and it could be loaded with various functions.

Rational was dark blue and emotional was an orange yellow. Calm and passionate, two very different types of existences. Xie Xi was a rational person, a rational person who didn’t understand love.

Jiang Xie’s body swayed. It felt like a meat grinder had been stuffed into his chest, the dark blue blade spinning wildly and stirring up his internal organs.

Xie Xi told him, “I’m sorry.”

Jiang Xie couldn’t concentrate and didn’t hear the sadness in his tone. Jiang Xie walked away in a daze like an army deserter. If it was just like this then Jiang Xie wouldn’t remember Xie Xi for nine rounds.

Painful feelings were actually very good to forget. The truly unforgettable thing was the sweetness that went deep into the bones. It was like a gourmet eating inferior food after tasting the best food in the world.

The reason why Jiang Xie couldn’t forget was that he had an incredibly sweet reincarnation.

The two people separated and Xie Xi sat at the table, staring at the empty cup for an afternoon.

During this period, he didn’t move and seemed to be thinking a lot. By the time he finally stood up, his hands and feet were numb and sharp sting like needles spread over his arms and legs.

This type of paralysis couldn’t be compared to the helplessness of his heart.

Rational and emotional. Why did he want to hide his gender? He hurt Jiang Xie and lost such a good friend forever. Xie Xi, who had always been isolated, had no idea if he would encounter such a person later on in his life.

Jiang Xie didn’t go far. He sat on a bench 300 metres away for an afternoon.

Compared to Xie Xi’s ignorant pain, Jiang Xie felt a clear, straightforward and sharp sting.

If he had been rejected then he wouldn’t have felt as desperate as he did now. A rational who didn’t understand love was similar to an indestructible stone for an emotional. Falling in love with one was like hitting a stone with an egg for the rest of his life.

He shook as he couldn’t withstand the torn body and crushed bones. Jiang Xie clearly knew that he had been played and tricked by a rational. The funny thing was that he couldn’t hate Xie Xi. He couldn’t forget this person.

The sun set and as Xie Xi was about to leave, Jiang Xie suddenly stood up. There was only one sentence in his confused mind. Why did this person pretend to be emotional?

Why did a rational pretend to be an emotional person? This was incredible Looking at the history that spanned thousands of years, he had never heard of such a thing.

An emotional person was likely to pretend to be rational but rational people found it impossible to disguise as emotional and wouldn’t have such an idea.

Jiang Xie’s heart thumped and he went back to the restaurant. He sat the wilted Xie Xi still sitting in place.

Four hours, why hadn’t he left yet? Jiang Xie came over and placed a  hand on the table. His posture was condescending but the bulging veins on the back of his hand revealed his tension.

“Why like to me?” He asked Xie Xi. Xie Xi looked up in a daze, seemingly not expecting this person to come back.

Jiang Xie leaned forward and stared into his eyes. “Why hide your gender? Why tell me you are emotional?”

Xie Xi looked down and whispered words he thought he would never say.

He hated rational people, he was isolated by rational people and he couldn’t get along with them…

However, he was rational and couldn’t get close to any emotional person because they disliked him.

Xie Xi had been living with such a gap since he was a child. Rational people were hostile to him and emotional people were full of vigilance towards him.

He walked on a wooden bridge while the people on the left and right didn’t accept him. Thus, he could only be alone and keep moving forward as he risked falling.

At this time, Jiang Xie appeared. Xie Xi longed for someone to reach out to him, hoping for breathing space or even a guardrail on the wooden bridge.

Thus, he chose to lie when Jiang Xie took the initiative to approach him.

‘I’m an emotional.’ He deceived Jiang Xie and got a moment of stability.

Jiang Xie heard this and was stunned. Xie Xi was even more lost after laying out his secrets. What qualifications did such a despicable villain like he have?

“Do you hate me?” Jiang Xie asked him.

Xie Xi looked up at him and replied almost without hesitation. “No.”

Jiang Xie didn’t ask anything else. He just showed the same gentle smile as before. “Let’s be together.”

Xie Xi was stunned.

Jiang Xie held his hand. “I like you and you don’t hate me. Let’s be together, okay?”

Xie Xi tried to withdraw his hand. “But I…”

Jiang Xie didn’t let go, “I love you no matter your gender.”

Xie Xi couldn’t move.

It was because Jiang Xie kissed the back of his hand and said something Xie Xi would never forget. “…Even if you don’t love me.”

-I love you, even if you don’t love me.

This humble but unusually hot love seemed to be able to burn up both people.

After the confession, the two people were together. It was strange yet not strange. At first, Xie Xi was cautious. He was always afraid of doing something wrong and that he wasn’t a qualified lover.

Jiang Xie found out and poked the tip of his nose. “Don’t disguise yourself or cooperate with me. Just be yourself.”

Xie Xi gazed at him. “I don’t know what to do.”

“Ask your heart,” Jiang Xie’s voice was very gentle. “It can do whatever it wants.”

Xie Xi looked up at him before glancing away, ears red. Jiang Xie’s heart jumped.

Xie Xi whispered, “Can I kiss you?”

At these words, the ‘bystander’ Xie Xi couldn’t help his mouth thinning. In fact, Xie Xi felt a lot when he saw the pre-existing background of the soul.

The main Jiang Xie’s entry had affected the souls.

They weren’t people were schizophrenia but their souls were shared the moment contact was made. Some things were restricted because of the world but the fundamentals were the same.

In Dream Come True, Jiang Xie discovered Xie Xi’s past and knew that he grew up alone and isolated by society.

It was like this less rational and less emotional Xie Xi. Professor Jiang was Xie Xi’s saviour and J was the saviour of the rational Xie Xi. Jiang Xie’s hot and unreserved love warmed Xie Xi, whether it was the soul or the master.

Even if Xie Xi didn’t love him…

Xie Xi smiled. How could he not feel love? He was really a stone that had been baked by Jiang Xie.

He couldn’t help fast forwarding through the next few memories. It was tiring. Even if he had been with someone for more than 60 years, he couldn’t help feeling tired.

The rational setting was too bad. Xie Xi was indulged by Jiang Xie and the two people weren’t ashamed or impatient.

It wasn’t until Jiang Xie was 35 years old and Xie Xi was 30 that there was a small twist in their lives.

Xie Xi was dismissed from his job. He didn’t say anything at first but Jiang Xie spent his time at home due to his painter occupation and soon discovered something was wrong. He asked Xie Xi about it.

A rational person rarely lied and Xie Xi revealed the truth.

It turned out to be because of their relationship. Jiang Xie was becoming famous and more people discovered he was an emotional person. He occasionally went to pick up Xie Xi from work and the people over there knew their relationship.

No one blamed the emotional Jiang Xie. They just considered it Xie Xi’s misconduct and thought he was playing with Jiang Xie’s feelings.

Rational could find reasons and could do anything with reason, but they shouldn’t provoke emotional people. Once discovered, they would be severely criticized by moral opinion.

This was probably like Xie Xi’s Earth age where men and men and women and women received disapproval.

Whether it was a heteros*xual society or gay society, anything that broke the routine would be rejected. This chain of contempt always existed in social society.

How could Jiang Xie let Xie Xi experience such things? He suggested, “We should get married.”

It wasn’t an exciting, beautiful or heartfelt proposal that made people blush but it did make them excited.

Xie Xi was surprised. “I’m a rational. You…”

Jiang Xie asked him, “Will you betray me?”

Xie Xi shook his head. “Absolutely not.”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Then that’s okay.”

The wedding was finalized and they walked into the church where everyone wasn’t optimistic.

Don’t mention anyone else, even the priest couldn’t help asking three times,

“Are you willing to be a companion to him in this round, to love him and be loyal to him. whether he is poor, sick or disabled until he walks into reincarnation. Are you willing?”

Jiang Xie smiled and said ‘I do’ three times.

Xie Xi vowed, “I will be loyal to him and he will be my only companion.”

The oath of a rational and emotional was different. Emotional people required love and loyalty while rational people only required loyalty.

The priest had presided over countless emotional and emotional or rational and rational weddings. This was the first time experiencing an emotional and rational getting married. He took into account the characteristics of a rational, chose the rational vow and concealed the word ‘love.’

This didn’t prevent Jiang Xie from confessing. “I love you.” No matter how many cycles, I will fall in love with you as long as I meet you.

The two people with an SSS-grade physique lived a long life, living for almost 230 years. They made countless contributions to the United States and fulfilled the vows of marriage.

Xie Xi became the Chief Justice while Jiang Xie was the most passionate, creative and influential painter of the era.

Their combination became a curious thing that sparked many emotional tinkers to explore the emotional issues of rational and emotional.

Of course, there was no result in the end. They always believed that Xie Xi was loyal. It was loyalty to his partner, not love.

Even Jiang Xie thought this but his life was very sweet, just like living a beautiful dream.

This lasted until his deathbed. Jiang Xie was older than Xie Xi and entered reincarnation first. As they were separating, Jiang Xie smiled. “Thank you.”

Xie Xi held his hand and didn’t say a word for a long time.

Jiang Xie kissed the back of his hand and repeated the vow he made over 200 years ago. “I love you.”

Xie Xi finally spoke in a hoarse voice, “I…”

Jiang Xie watched him gently. Xie Xi’s lips trembled like he was suffering tremendous pain. His face was pale and his eyes cloudy. “I don’t want to be separated from you.”

Jiang Xie’s heart jerked.

Xie Xi, who never shed a tear, was now crying as he choked out, “Don’t leave me, don’t leave me, don’t… don’t forget me…”

Jiang Xie used the last of his strength to hold the other person’s hand. “Xie Xi, do you love me?”

“I… I….” Xie Xi shook his head. “I don’t know what love is but I want to be with you.”

He wanted to be like this for a lifetime, forever together in eternal life. Jiang Xie’s lips curved and he spoke his last words to Xie Xi. “This is love.”

His Xie Xi, the rational Xie Xi who didn’t understand love, was in love with him.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...