Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Extra 4

“What will happen?” Xie Xi was forced to ask the violent element in front of him.

Jiang Xie was silent.

Xie Xi eyed him. “The prison is gone. What about the girl’s father?”

The important task clue was wiped out like this. How was he going to repair the collapsed girl?

This wasn’t called repair, this was definitely aggravating the girl’s collapse!

Jiang Xie held him and flew away from the sea.

Xie Xi didn’t ask much. Jiang Xie was in a state of full qualifications and flying was a small matter.

It didn’t take long for them to reach the shore and Jiang Xie found a very remote place to settle.

He said, “Don’t worry. Once I control this body, we will go to the girl’s house first to check.”

If the girl’s father was in prison then there was no doubt that he had disappeared.

However, the news wouldn’t spread so quickly and they could take advantage of this opportunity to act.

It could only be like this… Xie Xi looked at Jiang Xie and asked, “Can you control it?”

The setting of his role was so terrible.

A madman who couldn’t control his power. If it was the original prisoner then at most, he would smash the walls of the iron cage and not deal too much damage.

It wasn’t the same for Prisoner Jiang Xie.

He tried to suppress his strength but unfortunately, his body’s self-protection mechanism was triggered after being attacked. So… the island was gone.

Jiang Xie replied, “It is a type of mental pollution and will take some time.”

Xie Xi knew that Jiang Xie would be fine but he still felt a bit worried. “You…”

He hadn’t finished when Jiang Xie smiled and kissed him. “The elephant was stung by an ant. Would something happen?”

What was this metaphor…

Xie Xi stated, “Look at where the sting is.”

Elephant Jiang replied, “Yes, if you were stung then I’ll die of pain.”

Xie Xi took a moment to understand before he reacted. “Who wants to be an elephant with you?”

“Of course, you’re not an elephant. You are my heart.”

Xie Xi, “……………………”

He had been poor all his life but this fellow was shameless!

Jiang Xie’s sharp eyes saw the red eyes and he quickly kissed the other person with a beautiful heart.

After chatting a bit more, Jiang Xie cleared the madness of his character.

He had a general talk with Xie Xi about the mission.

Jiang Xie stated, “There are no souls here so the repair task is like straightening a pile of wool.”

Xie Xi silently thought, ‘The head was easy to find but you burned it.’

The prison was definitely an important clue and now…

Jiang Xie continued, “Well, it isn’t a big deal to change it to an erasure task. After all, N’s collapsed worlds are countless.”

Xie Xi felt quite distressed for N. Such a good man of Central, how did he meet an ‘opponent’ like Jiang Xie!

Xie Xi suggested, “Come, let’s go to the girl’s house to see.”

Jiang Xie had already set the position and reached out to carry Xie Xi. “I’m offending you, my prison warden.”

The tip of Xie Xi’s ears was red again. He closed his eyes and knew what this bastard was thinking! Especially after the 12… after…

The girl lived in a remote village with her grandmother.

The world might be collapsed but the structure was very large. It was obvious that N’s ambition wasn’t small and he really wanted to build a complete quasi-world.

Xie Xi felt that N wasn’t completely talentless. If he just designed a partial quasi0world then it would be at least C or even B grade.

However, N first thought of a S-grade quasi-world, a comprehensive, complete and independent quasi-world.

Therefore, he frequently failed and his only success had a major defect, making it F-grade.

Xie Xi and Jiang Xie arrived at the small village and instantly discovered the anomaly.

It was daytime but there was dead silence here and no smoke at all.

Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie, “They live here?”

“Yes.” Jiang Xie had a mission target detection item that could accurately pinpoint the location.

Xie Xi said, “This village doesn’t look normal.”

They walked in and found that every house had closed doors and windows while no one came out.

It was broad daylight but they seemed to be walking in a graveyard. It was very gloomy.

Then a teenager ran out of an alley with a bag.

He was surprised when he saw Xie Xia and Jiang Xie but just bowed his head and kept running.

Jiang Xie held him back like he was a chick.

The teenager was frightened and pale. His mouth trembled fiercely as he shook his head. “I don’t know, I don’t know anything. You don’t… don’t… ask me…”

Xie Xi glanced at Jiang Xie, eyes wondering: How does he know what we are asking?

Jiang Xie replied to him in the team channel: I’ll ask him to tell us.

Xie Xi saw Jiang Xie point to the teenager’s heart.

The next moment, the boy stopped struggling and he stood in place, as if hypnotized.

Xie Xi was shocked. He knew that god level players had many means but he was really surprised to see it directly.

Jiang Xie asked, “What’s wrong with the village? Why do you want to escape? What don’t you want to tell us?”

The hypnotized teenager was free of his fear. He looked in front and spoke like a robot.

“The witch… it is a witch. She is crazy… too crazy. The mad witch eats a fresh heart every day. I don’t want to… be eaten. I’m going to… I’m going to leave here…”

He spoke intermittently. His tone was rigid but his fear and despair could still be read from the lines.

Jiang Xie asked again, “Where is the witch?”

The teenager paled and told a place.

Jiang Xie continued to ask. “Do you know Nalene?” This was the name of the collapsed girl.

The teenager immediately replied, “No, no.. she… her grandmother…”

Jiang Xie asked again, “What happened to her grandmother?”

“…Killed a lot of people, a lot of hearts, good…’

He hadn’t finished his last sentence when he passed out.

Jiang Xie explained to Xie Xi, “The skill has a time duration and his mental strength can’t withstand a second hypnosis.”

Xie Xi nodded. “Let’s go to Nalene’s house to see.”

Jiang Xie placed the teenager in a corner and went forward with Xie Xi.

The situation in this village was worse than expected.

There were many empty houses, blood and traces of a miserable struggle.

Jiang Xie held Xie Xi’s hand and Xie Xi glanced over. “I’m not afraid.”

Jiang Xie smiled but didn’t release his hand.

Now Xie Xi had more knowledge and such a scene wouldn’t scare him. He could hold hands with Jiang Xie and his heart was still comfortable.

When it came to security, no one was more reliable than the person around him.

It seemed a bit contradictory but anyone who knew Jiang Xie could understand the truth.

They came to Nalene’s house.

To Xie Xi’s surprise, the girl who depended on her grandmother lived in a very big house.

The large mansion had obviously once been lively but now it was very depressing and there was a cold, unclear atmosphere about it.

Roast Pork Bun whispered, “A haunted house!”

Xie Xi poked his head. “You know a lot.”’

Roast Pork Bun’s eyes that were the same colours as Jiang Xie’s eyes flashed as he wondered, “Doesn’t a witch eat cats?”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie rubbed the kitten’s head. “You should grow up a bit.”

The kitten’s fur raised as he cried out, “Father, give me another skill and make it a fighting one!”

Jiang Xie paused.

Roast Pork Bun didn’t realize it had leaked the secret.

Xie Xi was sharp and looked over. “What?”

Roast Pork Bun reflected on himself. “…” This little broken kitten hid back in the pets bar!

Jiang Xie cleared his throat. “Go and see the girl and witch.”

Xie Xi didn’t move as he asked, “Roast Pork Bun’s Dreaming skill is something you gave him?”

It couldn’t be hidden anymore and Jiang Xie touched his nose. “You were in Atlantis and I was afraid you wouldn’t be able to pass.”

He was afraid that Xie Xi wouldn’t be able to complete the task of collecting the love of the six princes.

In that world, the kitten’s Dreaming skill really did give Xie Xi a great help.

If it wasn’t for Dreaming then he would find it hard to collect the love of the six princes.

Xie XI thought of another matter and frowned. “You…” If it was easy to kill the kitten skills then Jiang Xie would’ve stuffed Roast Pork Bun full of skills!

Jiang Xie told him, “It’s fine.”

Xie Xi also knew he was fine but when he thought that Jiang Xie was always paying attention to him with a good heart…

Jiang Xie opened his mouth again. “I didn’t think you would receive the mission of the six princes at that time.” He was really afraid that Xie Xi wouldn’t finish.

If he was unable to complete the task then Xie Xi would stay in the world forever and Jiang Xie would only be able to watch him on the live broadcast.

Xie Xi could hear these unspoken words and looked up. “No more unauthorized actions in the future.”

Jiang Xie laughed. “I will listen to the warden’s orders.”

Xie Xi, “…” This person was never serious!

They entered the house and immediately smelt blood.

Xie Xi saw a thin girl holding a huge broom and shrinking back in the corner.

She looked up when she heard the footsteps. Panic flashed through her dark eyes before she stood up and said, “Go… leave… don’t… don’t come over…”

There was no doubt that this was Nalene, the main character of the repair task.

The girl who collapsed.

In the team channel, Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie: Is it necessary to save the girl to complete the repair task?

Her mother died, her father was imprisoned and her grandmother became a ‘witch.’ The girl was really pitiful.

Jiang Xie stared at the girl and stated, “It’s not that simple.

The author has something to say:

This task is actually really difficult but there is Old Jiang so…

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...