Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

TL: Changed god’s pen to god’s wisdom

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 6

Jiang Xie pulled this person into his arms and kissed him. “How can you say that your husband is useless?”

Xie Xi glared.

Jiang Xie looked at the 988 goodwill and smiled. “You are my husband.”

This bad person with no face and no skin!

Xie Xi tried to squeeze out some surplus value. “Do you know what that Azure Dragon is calculating?”

Jiang Xie just smiled in a handsome manner.

Xie Xi didn’t fall for this and poked him. “You don’t even know this?”

Jiang Xie squinted. Being handsome was invalid so he pretended to be pitiful. “The background of this world is mythical and he has been alive for hundreds of years. I am only seeing irrelevant things.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie realized his gaffe. “All your things are the most important to me. It is natural that I can’t see it.”

Xie Xi was moved but he couldn’t help repeating, “How are you useful?”

Jiang Xie leaned towards his delicate neck and sucked it. “You see, I can grow strawberries.”

Xie Xi, “!!!”

He would kill this bastard! That way, he wouldn’t have to marry an N number of people!

“Okay, okay.” Jiang Xie told him, “According to my speculation, this Azure Dragon should be suspicious that you have another love. He doesn’t know why you agreed to his proposal. You don’t love him and the encounter on Baihua Mountain was even deliberately planned by you.”

Xie Xi stared at him. “You don’t know anything!”

Jiang Xie explained, “I can’t directly see his thoughts but I have a brain. I can guess according to his actions.”

Xie Xi was skeptical about this person having a brain!

Jiang Xie spoke again. “He hasn’t found the person but he has preliminary suspicions.”

Xie Xi was wary. “Who is it?

“His left and right hand men, his trusted aide the Qilin, his second uncle the White Dragon, his younger brother and younger sister…”

Xie Xi was gobsmacked. “If you don’t talk seriously, I’ll leave!”

Jiang Xie looked innocent. “I am telling the truth. He is basically doubting everyone you have met on the Holy Mountain.”

Xie Xi couldn’t help saying, “Psychopath.”

Jiang Xie sighed. “There is no other way. Who let you pedal six boats and leave a shadow that can’t be erased on the heart of the fourth child.”

Xie Xi was furious. “Are you blaming me?!”

“Blame me, blame me.” Jiang Xie hurriedly shouldered the blame. “Blame me that every hair loves you so much that they can’t extricate themselves.”

Xie Xi was inexplicably frightened by these words. Surely this bastard didn’t have as many souls as his hair? Xie Xi would die! Jiang Xie knew him too well and knew what Xie Xi was thinking with one glance. He smiled bitterly and said, “Your husband is powerful but I can’t split apart so many souls.”

He had to firmly hold onto the present him. He had divided his soul so much that he would scatter if he did it anymore.

Xie Xi felt something wrong and glanced at him. “Dividing your soul has an impact on you.” He had long suspected it.

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi wondered, “Since it isn’t good, why not give up on using your soul to design a quasi-world?”

Jiang Xie was sometimes afraid of this child’s keenness. “If I don’t design the quasi-worlds, how could I meet you?”

Xie Xi frowned. “This…” He was too confused!

Jiang Xie didn’t wait for him to speak. “If I couldn’t meet you, what is the point of living endlessly?”

Xie Xi was stunned.

Jiang Xie continued, “This is a profitable business with no losses. How could I miss it?”

He spoke vaguely but Xie Xi understood.

Jiang Xie mentioned there were no mature designers in the Central World.

X was the leader of the current age but his highest design was an SS-grade quasi-world. Then who designed the SSS and higher grade worlds?

It was unknown because these people were gone.

Jiang Xie said that he had no talent and relied on his souls to design the world. At the time, Xie Xi had thought, ‘Isn’t the soul also a talent?’

Now he understood that consuming the soul was consuming oneself and it wasn’t a long-term solution.

In particular, Jiang Xie’s worlds couldn’t be entered which meant the released souls couldn’t come back. Yet he kept designing quasi-worlds over and over…

In Xie Xi’s absence, Jiang Xie would’ve eventually scattered among the countless quasi-worlds of his own design.

It was only by meeting Xie Xi that Jiang Xie brought himself back from the countless quasi-worlds.

That’s why he said there were no losses.

Xie Xi’s nose was slightly sour and he felt both angry and distressed.

Jiang Xie coaxed him, “Come here.”

Xie Xi exclaimed furiously, “I don’t care about you!”

“Then I should release more souls…”

Xie Xi covered his mouth. “How can you say that?!”

Jiang Xie kissed the palm of his hand. “It is because I have a kind little rose.”

Xie Xi felt stuffy. “I’m not kind.”

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi’s voice was low and almost inaudible. “I just like you.”

Everything he did had nothing to do with kindness. He just liked Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie froze for a moment before pressing this person down onto the bed. “That is a foul.”

Xie Xi lay down and stared up at him with wide eyes.

Jiang Xie stared into his eyes and spoke in a hoarse voice, “What do you want me to do? 100 words of love can’t match your sentence.”

Xie Xi’s eyes curved. “It isn’t because you said too much… it is…”

Jiang Xie didn’t dare listen or else he would be drowned in syrup.

The two of them went a bit too far. Jiang Xie wondered, “Should we do it in advance?”

Xie Xi pushed him. “No!”

“You were so seductive at the banquet. Holding my hand and also biting my ear…”

Xie Xi was dissatisfied. “Who bit your ear?”

Jiang Xie exaggerated. “You came so close that my ear was numb. You didn’t bite it?”

Xie Xi realized he had fallen on his own into the pit. “I wanted to be alone with Azure Dragon!”

“You wanted to see me.”

This was true.

“What do you want to do with me? Both of us alone in bed.” The more he spoke, the less serious he was and the more honest his hands were.

The two people helped each other and Jiang Xie became full. “I will stay overnight. Don’t do anything too unspeakable.”

Xie Xi scolded him with a trembling voice. “You’re here to help me!”

“What do you mean?” Jiang Xie grinned. “I am a big help.”

The next morning, light footsteps were heard outside. Azure Dragon opened his eyes, the colour returning to indigo.

He bowed his head and saw the man quietly sleeping in his arms.

This person slept soundly and at ease, the white collarbone showing a few red dots on it.

Azure Dragon’s heart was hot and he wanted to kiss this person, but couldn’t bear to wake him up.

He had to return to the Holy Mountain before dawn since there were many things to handle.

The outside attendant had been standing for a while and couldn’t wait any longer.

Azure Dragon quietly moved his arm and carefully didn’t wake up the sleeping person.

Xie Xi slept soundly and didn’t sense it.

Azure Dragon stared at this sleeping face and felt relieved and uneasy.

He was relieved because he didn’t wake up Xie Xi but uneasy because he couldn’t touch the heart under this beautiful face.

Everyone said that the foxes were confusing but he felt that no one could match this little rose.

Xie Xi didn’t speak or even look at him yet Azure Dragon couldn’t restrain his heart.

Even if he knew… He refused to let go. Azure Dragon recalled the sweetness of last night and there was a sharp sting from his ice cold heart.

By the time Xie Xi woke up, no one was around. Gone?

He didn’t know if it was Jiang Xie or Azure Dragon. Well… there was no difference. Neither of them would wake up in. In the 60 years in the dream, Jiang Xie had always been careful when waking up first…

Xie Xi smiled and sweetness had just filled his heart when he sighed.

He was worried. It used to be for clearing the task but now he was worried about the soul.

If he did something terrible to the soul, he would be the one suffering in the next world!

In Atlantis, he proposed to five people. Now there was likely to be five weddings…

Well, Jiang Xie was a wedding madman!

Xie Xi got up to wash. He had just finished cleaning up when there was a loud noise from outside. “What happened? How could Purple Nine be hurt so badly?”

Xie Xi heard this and hurried out.

It might all be a setting but Purple Nine took care of him as a younger brother and the feelings were real. Xie Xi stopped when he went outside.

Red Three was holding a large rose flower. There were absolutely no roses this large in reality. It was 20 centimeters full and was completely purple. It was very beautiful but more than half of the petals had fallen off.

A little girl was crying and using her clothes to pick up the fallen petals. “Sister Purple Nine did it for us! An insect monster broke through the enchantment and sneakily attacked the nursery. Sister Purple Nine drove them away but was also injured!”

Red Three was anxious. “Quickly, go find the chief! Purple Nine is too weak and if she isn’t treated…”

At this time, the elderly rose family’s chief came over. He saw Purple Nine’s appearance and trembled. “P-Put her in the water first.”

Xie Xi was also anxious but unfortunately, he didn’t know much. He didn’t dare say anything and only listened to the situation.

Red Three and Purple Nine had a good relationship. He asked, “Chief, will Purple Nine be okay?”

The chief paused.

Xie Xi’s heart rose in his chest.

Red Three paled and then he saw Xie Xi. “99! Go and ask Lord Azure Dragon to save Purple Nine!” The chief shook his head. “It is useless. No one can repair such an injury.”

Repair?

Xie Xi strode forward. “I will try it.”

Red Three’s eyes were red. “Yes, let’s try it. 99, I will go with you to the Holy Mountain to find Lord Azure Dragon…”

“It will be too late by the time we reach the Holy Mountain.” Xie Xi stated, “Step aside, I’ll try to fix it.”

Everyone present was stunned.

It was true that Xie Xi inherited the name of the flower god and was the future companion of Lord Azure Dragon. Even so, he was essentially an ordinary little rose. How could he…

Xie Xi didn’t waste time. He took the petals from the little girl’s arms and carefully discerned the direction. “Do you know what Sister Purple Nine originally looked like?”

The chief had lived for a long time and had more experience. He stopped asking questions and quickly replied, “I know the order of the petals. I’ve memorize it.”

Xie Xi relaxed. “That’s good. Chief, please tell me the position of the petals.”

Red Three also reacted and waved his hand. “Everyone out, we shouldn’t disturb the chief and 99.”

The anxious roses all left and only the seriously injured Purple Nine, the chief, Red Three and Xie Xi were left in the room.

Xie Xi asked about the position of the petals and started to use Repair.

At first, the chief was skeptical. Then he saw that the petals were ‘repaired’ and became convinced.

Xie Xi used Repair a total of 70 times to restore all the fallen petals.

Red Three was filled with joy. “She’s okay! Purple Nine is okay!”

Xie Xi was relieved. He had used Repair to help a lot of people but this was the first time repairing a flower.

The chief trembled with excitement. “Flower god, the reincarnation of the flower god!”

Xie Xi explained, “This is something that Lord Azure Dragon taught me…”

“No…” The chief explained, “This is the power of the flower god. I saw it when I was young. He repaired the scales of Sage Azure Dragon, the tail feathers of Sage Vermillion Bird, the wings of the White Tiger… it is said that he also repaired the three tails of the nine tailed demon ancestor and the Houqing ancestor…” (TL: Apparently Houqing is a zombie from Ancient China?)

Xie Xi, “…”

As it turned out, Jiang Xie wasn’t as good as an old rose.

Xie Xi identified at least five souls from this remark.

…Azure Dragon, Vermillion Bird, White Tiger, Nine Tailed Fox and Houqing.

He didn’t know if there was also the Black Tortoise, Bai Ze, Qiong Ji, Tao Tie and so on.

Xie Xi was fearless and didn’t mind collecting them all.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...