Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsed God 8

It wasn’t necessarily a bad thing? Jiang Xie, these thoughts were very dangerous.

Xie Xi couldn’t help saying, “It doesn’t matter if the universe collapses and civilization dies?”

At this time, Li Su spoke softly through the communicated, “Mr. President, should I send up the tea?”

The atmosphere did need to be eased so Xie Xi nodded. “Yes.”

Jiang Xie gave a low laugh. Xie Xi looked at him and didn’t understand why he was laughing. Jiang Xie explained, “If you nod here, can Li Su see it?”

Xie Xi, “…”

He always felt this soul was difficult to tangle with and Xie Xi had the illusion that everything was seen through by this person.

Xie Xi stood in front of this person and was full of tension.

In Central, Jiang Xie’s age and experience were far beyond Xie Xi but he controlled it and never gave Xie Xi a sense of distance. Now the Jiang Xie in front of him deliberately didn’t control it.

Xie Xi asked, “What would you like to drink?”

“Black tea.”

Xie Xi quickly remembered that he seemed to be drinking black tea frequently. The entire presidential palace habitually prepared black tea for him.

Xie Xi himself had no special preference regarding tears. Then did this world set it up so he liked black tea? Was it related to the former president?

Don’t blame Xie Xi for thinking this. He had seen so much in the past that his brain could make up the routine.

Weren’t they a couple before? The rational Xie Xi couldn’t understand love so Jiang Xie left?

Well… Xie Xi always felt like this was very characteristic of the souls.

Secretary Li personally came over with two cups of black tea and some snacks. He was a very sharp person. After all, he became the president’s secretary at a young age and his future wasn’t limited.

At this time, Secretary Li was cautious as he put down the refreshments and spoke softly, “Mr. President, Mr. Jiang, please enjoy the tea and tell me if you need anything else.”

Jiang Xie told him, “Yes.”

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Xie Xi saw a thin layer of sweat on Secretary Li’s forehead. As for this! Xie Xi felt that his secretary was worthless.

Li Su glanced at Xie Xi and Xie Xi ordered, “Go back first and don’t wait for me.”

Secretary Li was stunned. He secretly glanced at Jiang Xie before suddenly looking away. “Yes.”

He reacted like this and Xie Xi was puzzled. What was he suddenly thinking about?

Li Su left and Jiang Xie sipped the black tea, sighing, “The black tea of the Capital Star tastes good.”

Xie Xi pressed sharply. “Then come back.”

Jiang Xie leaned back and stared at him without a word.

The topic seemed to be coming back to the main point and Xie Xi spoke, “Now is the most dangerous time. The universe is collapsing and all civilizations will be destroyed.”

Jiang Xie was as cold as always. “If the old doesn’t leave then the new won’t come.”

“This is a disaster of extinction. It doesn’t matter if the world is destroyed?”

“It is just the destruction of the universe. What does it have to do with the world?”

His question made Xie Xi freeze. Jiang Xie saw Xie Xi’s stunned look and sighed, his voice becoming gentler. “Think about it. What are you protecting?”

Xie Xi replied quickly, “The entire United States.”

Jiang Xie asked, “Do you love him?”

Due to the language, Xie Xi understood that it was ‘him’ rather than ‘it.’

“Of course, as president of the United States, I love all citizens and this country.”

Jiang Xie shook his head. “That is just responsibility.”

Xie Xi exclaimed, “Responsibility isn’t love!”

Jiang Xie was silent as he stared at Xie Xi without blinking. After a long time, he smiled but it was cold and helpless. “Sure enough, it shouldn’t be forced.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie’s expression faded away and the black tea remained untouched. He got up and declared, “If there’s nothing else, I’ll go.”

How could Xie Xi let this person go? He hurriedly asked, “Why do you say that I don’t understand?”

Jiang Xie took his hand and whispered, “Then do you love me?”

Xie Xi was shocked by the words and didn’t know how to answer. Was it too hasty to say that he loved this person? If he didn’t love Jiang Xie… would he not see Jiang Xie until the universe was destroyed?

What was the question of love or not love? It was a matter of death!

Xie Xi gritted his teeth. “I am also rational, do you understand?”

Jiang Xie gazed straight into his eyes.

Xie Xi started sweating from the oppressive feeling and raised his head. “If you understand then… can’t you teach me?”

This should be insurance, right? At the very least, he could keep this person behind.

Jiang Xie wondered, “You want to learn?”

Xie Xi thought he finally touched the right method and exclaimed, “Yes!”

Unexpected, Jiang Xie’s voice didn’t contain any ups and downs. “You still won’t learn.”

The confused Xie Xi asked, “Why?”

Jiang Xie stated calmly, “I have already taught you.”

Xie Xi, “……” This broken person.

Jiang Xie added, “Thus, stop learning. I don’t want others to teach you.”

Xie Xi was really suffering. He actually had ‘learnt’! Not only did he understand love, he had been with the person for more than 60 years!

Xie Xi stared at the man and took a few steps forward, pulling at his sleeve. “Tomorrow.”

Jiang Xie was slightly startled and glanced at the hand.

Xie Xi suppressed the desire to pull back his hand and declared seriously, “Tomorrow… let’s go on a date.”

Jiang Xie slowly looked at him. “Hmm?”

Xie Xi couldn’t let this person go. “If I don’t understand and words can’t explain it, why don’t we try it for one day?”

Jiang Xie told him, “You don’t have to do this.”

Xie Xi was obstinate. “I will be waiting for you here tomorrow.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes slightly narrowed.

“You might not come but I will definitely wait.”

Jiang Xie’s grey eyes were cold. “You don’t understand feelings but you are very familiar with taking advantage of them.

Xie Xi, “…” What damn taking advantage?! He clearly loved this person!

Jiang Xie left and Xie Xi sat on the sofa, only to discover that his back was covered in sweat.

The pressure was truly amazing. The ‘dead-hearted’ Jiang Xie was so strange that Xie Xi was shocked.

The next day, Xie Xi naturally waited here early. He was filled with a lot of tension and was afraid that Jiang Xie wouldn’t come. Fortunately… no matter how cold his head, Jiang Xie was still Jiang Xie. He arrived at 9 ‘clock.

Xie Xi stood up and Jiang Xie told him, “Today, I will do whatever you want me to do.”

Xie Xi was relieved. “I’ll prove it to you.”

Jiang Xie raised his eyelids to look at the other person. “Listen clearly. I am talking about what you want me to do, including going to the pole.”

Xie Xi frowned and interrupted him. “I’m here to go on a date with you.”

Jiang Xie stared at him. “I’ll only give you one chance. If you want to do the president’s duty, I can help you.”

Xie Xi was stubborn. “I just want to date you today!”

Jiang Xie gazed at him silently. Xie Xi wasn’t afraid to save the world or anything… the premise was to ‘save’ the soul. The collapsed god hadn’t been found but the collapsed souls couldn’t be left alone!

After a long time, Jiang Xie replied, “Then I’ll listen to you.”

Xie Xi was relieved. “I booked some movie tickets. Shall we go to the cinema?”

Jiang Xie seemed to laugh but his voice was miraculously gentle. “Okay.”

It was a single word but it because beautiful because of the seemingly helpless laugh, as if countless emotions were crowded together and the word was too small to fit all of them.

Xie Xi’s heart trembled and he didn’t dare look at this person.

Today’s itinerary had been carefully planned. Xie Xi even ordered a bestseller which he read overnight and had a full strategy.

Under normal circumstances, Xie Xi wouldn’t need a love book to guide him. In the 60 years, he went on several dates with Jiang Xie. Most of them were led by Jiang Xie but Xie Xi also had experience.

The reason why he bought the book was because he didn’t know the background of this high-tech society. He was afraid he wouldn’t understand the market and would be a joke.

For example, the first major event of dating in the Earth age was watching movies. It might be different in this high-tech society.

Fortunately, after reading the dating guide, Xie Xi found that cinemas were still present. They just had a holographic mode and the virtual experience was more exciting and fun.

The guide book was very reliable and even recommended a corresponding movie.

Xie Xi had no experience in this area and directly selected the safest love movie. The book said: In this lifetime, if you find someone you like then you must take them to see this movie.

There was such high praise that Xie Xi hurriedly booked the tickets.

Xie Xi had never seen a holographic movie and although he was prepared, he was still a bit tense when it officially began.

Jiang Xie perceived this and his eyes slightly darkened, but he didn’t say ‘there is no need to force it.’

Xie Xi’s attention was quickly attracted by this unique viewing experience.

The movie was very beautiful. The protagonists were a ration and an emotional disguised as a rational.

The rational person was very young. He was a young general in military attire and had high spirits.

The emotional pretending to be a rational was his boss, who took great care of him.

Later, the rational became a mature adult and wanted a partner. His emotional boss pretending to be a rational asked him, “Do you want an emotional person?”

The rational person shook his head. “Emotional people are too much trouble. Rational is simpler.”

The emotional person smiled. “Your purpose of finding a partner is to resolve your physiological needs?”

The rational took it for granted. “What else?”

“Then let’s be together.”

The rational was surprised. “You are my boss.”

The emotional asked, “Do you think I’m old?”

“How can that be? Just…”

The emotional disguised as a rational spoke lightly. “Rest assured, I won’t be troublesome.”

Xie Xi didn’t think there would be so many bed scenes in this movie. He turned red when he saw it. The holographic effect was really… um… too exciting.

Jiang Xie by his side was as calm and stable as an old monk. He wasn’t affected by the movie at all.

Xie Xi couldn’t believe it. This was the big demon who said, “We can do it 70 times a night in the Antarctic!”

Then Jiang Xie cocked his head. “Do you need any help?”

Xie Xi, “!”

Jiang Xie’s gaze moved down and his tone was flat. “Come here, I’ll help you.”

Xie Xi sharply exclaimed, “No!”

This type of cinema was private and only the two of them were watching the movie. It was normal to do this type of thing but… through the mottled light and shadows, Xie Xi saw Jiang Xie’s eyes. They were no feelings of desire in them, only coldness and alienation.

After seeing this movie, Xie Xi had some suspicions. Was he like the rational person in the movie and only saw X as a tool to relieve desire?

The movie was playing the first contradiction between the protagonists.

The simple catharsis couldn’t be maintained for long. After the freshness was over, the rational person got tired. However, his partner’s status was too high and he didn’t mention breaking up. He just tried to drag out matters.

It was a pity that his partner was an emotional disguised as a rational and soon noticed it.

Seeing up to here, Jiang Xie frowned and his eyes seemed colder. “If you don’t need relief then forget it.”

Xie Xi understood this person and guessed what he was thinking. Then Xie Xi whispered, “It is just venting desires, not love.”

Jiang Xie’s pupils shrunk but he didn’t reveal anything on the surface. “Watch the movie.”

Xie Xi was curious about the development and continued to watch. He might be able to find out more clues from it.

In the movie, the emotional mentioned the breakup first and the rational was obviously relieved.

The emotional told him, “You don’t have to worry. Your future won’t be affected by our breakup.”

The rational smiled in a heartless manner. “Ah, rational should really be with other rational.”

The emotional person’s complexion was pale but his eyes were filled with flames. “You will find another rational?”

“Probably not.”

The emotional asked, “Why?”

The rational replied, “How to say it? For a rational person, working hard is enough.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...