Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 11 Boundaries 9

Xie Xi knew what type of answer Jiang Xie wanted.

However, if Xie Xi had any bit of affection for him six years ago then he couldn’t bear to answer such an obvious self-deceptive question.

Jiang Xie asked, ‘If I return Chengyu to you, can you fall in love with me?’

This was an exchange, the most helpless exchange.

Xie Xi’s ‘I can try’ was precisely the most hopeless answer. He only saw the first part of the sentence and in order to get back Chengyu, he could do anything, even if he didn’t believe in love.

Jiang Xie seemed as if he had lost strength as he whispered, “Forget it.”

Xie Xi wanted to say more but Jiang Xie didn’t listen anymore. “I won’t move against your shares anymore and the future profit won’t be lacking You have been tired for many years. Rest.”

This was very euphemistic and the meaning was bright.

‘I won’t give you Chengyu and you won’t fall in love with me.’

Jiang Xie put on his coat and left the office bathed in darkness.

He didn’t come back all night and Xie Xi didn’t sleep well. He took out the god’s wisdom and sketch pen, drew himself a stealth charm and went to find Jiang Xie.

He faintly guessed that this guy had been sleepless all night but he didn’t Jiang Xie to be standing outside for a night.

He stood for a whole night and stared at the top floor of the Chengyu building, staring at the huge word Chengyu that shone in the night.

The incomparably large and bright ‘Chengyu’ and Jiang Xie standing in front of it formed a sharp contrast.

The former filled Xie Xi’s whole heart while the latter didn’t even occupy a place.

Jiang Xie couldn’t understand why. Six years had passed but why were the memories of that year so clear? Why was every moment so vivid?

Xie Xi laughing like a young ball on the field, the handsome Xie Xi at the parties, the introverted Xie Xi reading through documents in the study… even his gestures while smoking dazzled Jiang Xie.

What was so good about him? What was so good about the man who deliberately approached him, played with his feelings and deceived him?

As this question flickered in his heart, Xie Xi’s good qualities overwhelmed him and he was breathless.

He was strong, excellent, clear-minded, thoughtful and didn’t allow people to point out any mistakes he made.

He had thousands of good qualities. It was just that he didn’t like Jiang Xie.

Hidden in the darkness, Xie Xi watched this person and couldn’t help bringing out the god’s wisdom.

What was he drawing?

The May nights were cold. Could he draw a small and invisible house?

It was a pity that he couldn’t draw a chair for Jiang Xie.

That’s right. Xie Xi had a thought and drew a body strengthening fragrance from Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas.

Once ignited, it could relieve muscle fatigue. Forget standing for one night, he wouldn’t be tired even from standing for one month!

Xie Xi drew with great energy and lit it after he finished the drawing.

He was afraid the effect wouldn’t be right so he also tested it on himself.

There was no problem. This was truly the body strengthening incense!

He stood on one side and the coverage range was just right. Xie Xi accompanied Jiang Xie for one night.

Of course, it wasn’t tiring at all.

The moment the sky became bright, Jiang Xie went to work. Xie Xi didn’t need to sleep so after secretly eating breakfast, he planned to go abroad and see Jiang Hong.

This was critical.

He had to treat Jiang Hong’s illness. As long as she recovered, the things from six years ago would become lighter and Jiang Xie’s gloomy mood would improve.

Xie Xi placed a small monitor on Jiang Xie to keep an eye on his movements.

Once Jiang Xie became busy and it was impossible for him to come back, he opened the window and jumped out.

It was thrilling but President Xie’s military origins meant he had even roamed through space. This was nothing.

In the air, Xie Xi entered the aircraft. In front or six minutes, he reached the other side of the hemisphere and found Jiang Hong.

Jiang Hong’s disease was very difficult to cure in today’s society.

It was because she was the Jiang family’s eldest lady that she could support herself for so long.

She was raised with money but had to suffer hardships. The 30s should be the best time but she was already waiting for death. It really had nothing to do with happiness.

Xie Xi didn’t directly give medicine to Jiang Hong like he did in Aries’ world.

After all, Teacher Sun was an outsider and Aries was only a student. Teacher Sun’s recovery would make Aries’ happy but he wouldn’t pay too much attention to the reasons.

Jiang Hong wasn’t the same. She was Jiang Xie’s important relative and couldn’t casually eat a pill since he wouldn’t be fooled by a misdiagnosis.

Forget the shrewd Jiang Hong, the Jiang Xie busy with business would definitely look for the cause.

It wasn’t worth the trouble to create a bigger problem.

Thus, Xie Xi made a detour. He focused on the doctor in charge of Jiang Hong as well as the team seriously studying the illness.

The books he drew gave the research team some groundbreaking inspiration and allowed them to speed up their research.

As long as there was a plan, Jiang Xie could afford to invest in it.

The process wasn’t slow. After all, it was to cure the disease and save people. Once there was hope, they had to start the treatment with the fastest speed.

The moment Jiang Xie heard the news, he left his job and went abroad.

Xie Xi sighed with relief and went back to start a Buddhist life.

He didn’t take a single step out the door except to steal food. He didn’t touch any meals and in order to avoid becoming hungry, he drew a slimming pill for himself. This was commonly used by the flowers in Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas.

He didn’t go anywhere but there was the miniature monitor. Xie Xi knew the situation on Jiang Xie’s side.

After dragging out for six years, Jiang Hong’s illness finally took a turn and Jiang Xie was more anxious than anyone else.

He went to see the attending doctors first and listened to them carefully explain the situation.

Jiang Xie listened to them and asked, “Are you sure?”

The attending doctor replied, “At least 90%.”

For this group of conservative people, 90% could already be said to be a cure.

Jiang Xie’s mood was good and his spirit cheered up. “You worked hard.”

The money he spent over the years gave a powerful boost to the entire medical profession and the doctors were more grateful to him.

Jiang Xie went to see Jiang Hong. She looked good and they talked for a while.

Then Jiang Xie remained with her and handled the work as remotely as possible.

A course of treatment took seven days. In just half a month, Jiang Hong had recovered by more than half and there were no signs of it spreading.

The doctors were overjoyed. “There are no problems. After two more courses of treatment, you can be discharged!”

The big stone in Jiang Xie’s heart for six years was finally put down.

He returned to the ward and cut an apple for Jiang Hong.

Jiang Hong’s cheeks were rosy and she was able to get out of bed and walked around. She told her brother, “There are many things to do in China. You should go back quickly.”

Jiang Xie told her, “I will only feel reassured once you are discharged from hospital.”

Jiang Hong laughed. “It will take another half a month.”

“I’m not in a hurry.”

In these years, Jiang Hong’s spirits were poor and she was bedridden. She barely asked any questions about the company. At this point, she was gradually emerging from her disease and finally had the heart to ask.

“Xiao Xie.” Jiang Hong spoke strongly. “It is time to let go of what happened six years ago.”

Jiang Xie’s hand paused as he cut the apple. “I don’t care.”

Jiang Hong told him, “Xie Xi used a sinister trick but you now have Chengyu. It is sufficient.”

It was indeed enough if it was mere commercial retaliation.

The people who saw the Jiang family as a joke were now gobsmacked.

Who would think that after six years of prosperity, Chengyu would be captured by Jiang Xie and Xie Xi would lose what he worked so hard for?

Everyone said that the wheel turned but this turn was really fast.

Jiang Xie didn’t say anything. He just cut the apple into small pieces and placed them in front of Jiang Hong.

Jiang Hong looked at him and asked, “Tell me, you guys…”

Jiang Hong had doubts about such a deep obsession but previously she lacked mental strength and didn’t dare ask.

Jiang Xie didn’t hide it from her. Previously, he had scruples about her body but now he didn’t have to worry.

“I like him,” Jiang Xie whispered the words pressing heavily on his heart.

Jiang Hong wasn’t very surprised. She just felt some heartache.

It was no wonder why Jiang Xie couldn’t feel relieved for so many years and felt enough hate to steal Chengyu…

Jiang Hong sighed. “He was just using you.”

Jiang Xie moved his line of sight away and nodded. Jiang Hong had a close relationship with her brother and how could she not understand him?

“You…” Jiang Hong was distraught. “You should drop the matter.”

Jiang Xie frowned deeply. “It’s fine, Sister. You don’t need to worry about these things.”

How could Jiang Hong not worry? She said, “Now that you know he is using you, let it go.”

The so-called revenge on Xie Xi was just self-torture.

Jiang Xie’s eyelashes trembled and he spoke in a hoarse voice. “If I could let go, I would’ve already done so.”

It was helpless, painful and so obstinate that even he couldn’t understand it himself.

Jiang Hong let out a long sigh. “Sister doesn’t want to interfere with your emotional life. It is just that Xie Xi can’t give you what you want.”

Everyone seemed to understand that it was only Jiang Xi who was obsessive.

Jiang Xie replied, “I know.”

Jiang Hong knew her brother. “Must you like him?”

Jiang Xie smiled bitterly and was unable to answer.

If feelings were something that could be casually changed by a person, they wouldn’t be called feelings.

Once Jiang Hong completely recovered, Jiang Xie prepared to return to China.

Jiang Hong told him, “I won’t go back. I have my life again and I’m thinking of strolling around to take a look.”

Jiang Xie was relieved. “Okay, do whatever you want to do in the future.”

Jiang Hong patted him on the shoulder. “I’m depending on you to raise me!”

“Good.”

Jiang Hong was happy. “You really dare to answer like this?”

Jiang Xie watched her with a smile.

Jiang Hong thought of his heart-wrenching feelings and was distressed. “Don’t be too pessimistic. You saw your sister escape from death. Perhaps you can also turn things around.”

Jiang Xie was stunned and shook his head. “It’s nothing. I’ll slowly forget.”

“Yes.” Jiang Hong tried to cheer him up. “There is a large forest. Why be hung up on one tree?”

Jiang Xie nodded but his heart thought, ‘There might be many trees in this world but only one is called Xie Xi.’

The seed in his heart had only grown into Xie Xi’s tree.

Jiang Xie returned to China and took care of everything before going to see Xie Xi.

He had left for one month and didn’t have time to pay attention to Xie Xi at all. Xie Xi could’ve left at any time.

However, Jiang Xie knew this person wouldn’t leave. He also knew why Xie Xi wouldn’t go. If he left, he would completely lose Chengyu. For this giant, Xie Xi had plenty of patience.

The moment he heard the door opening, Xie Xi was startled and hurriedly ate the cooked fish he was eating.

He knew that Jiang Xie had come back but he didn’t expect this person to come in the daytime. He was too careless! He almost choked to death.

Jiang Xie was standing outside the door and could only see Xie Xi’s back. His heart was instantly pulled into a knot.

How had Xie Xi lost so much weight?

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...