Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsed God 9

Good scum…

Xie Xi occasionally wore the hate called a ‘slag’ but he sincerely thought he was a flower compared to this…

Well, Xie Xi calmed himself down. He didn’t know if a slag stepping on N boat or a slag who didn’t understand love was worse.

Xie Xi was fascinated and didn’t notice that Jiang Xie’s gaze always drifted towards him. The gaze was complicated and didn’t belong to a rational person.

The movie continued to the heart-wrenching section.

The emotional and rational broke up but due to their work, they still saw each other.

Two rational people breaking up, everyone was accustomed to this.

The marriage law of the United States was a signing system and only came into effect when signed. Before signing the marriage, people were completely free.

Almost all rational people wouldn’t sign the marriage law, which was especially designed for emotional people.

The emotional boss’ disguise was very successful. He was the calmest rational in everyone’s eyes and it was surprising when he was with another rational. The decades of his life showed a complete disregard for love and s*x. He worked hard for the United States and was a just leader praised by everyone. It was surprising that he would have a companion.

After two years, the pair broke up and everyone didn’t think too much. A rational and rational never had emotions involved. They took what was needed and then separated.

It was a pity that the boss was an emotional disguised as a rational. The things that rational people didn’t care for were a disaster to emotional people

Falling in love with a person who didn’t understand love, experiencing two years of sweet torment and then losing it. His heart had been poked rotten

The emotional maintained a calm surface but every meeting, conversation and time spent together with the rational person caused pain in his heart.

The emotional rose in position, left the rational and opened a safe distance.

However, the rational was an excellent and ambitious young man. He was promoted quickly and assigned to the emotional boss again.

The emotional could refuse his joining. He had this power as a leader.

Then the rational spoke with excitement, “Mr. Minister, “I happy to be of help!”

The emotional saw the extremely missed smile and abandoned his armour.

He couldn’t refuse and in fact, he had no reason to refuse.

The rational person was very good. In every aspect, he was suitable for this job. The emotional person couldn’t find a reason to reject and couldn’t say he didn’t want to see this person. After all, his registered gender was a rational.

Thus, the two people got along again.

The camera in this scene was almost always concentrated on the emotional person and explained why he pretended to be a rational.

The United States had loose control over gender and although there was a fixed testing mechanism, it was easy to fool.

Moreover, this trick was one-sided. An emotional person could easily answer rational questions but a rational would find it difficult to answer emotional questions.

Thus, it was easy for an emotional to pretend to be rational but a rational couldn’t pretend to be emotional.

Compared to the diversity of an emotional person, a rational person was more single-minded and rigid.

The United States didn’t care about emotional people disguising as rational  and there was no punishment if exposed.

After all, an emotional couldn’t hurt the unemotional rational but a rational could hurt the emotional.

The biggest point of the gender differentiation was to remind emotional people to stay away from rational people.

There were always emotional who didn’t like such a rigid mechanism and wanted to stand higher, wanted to look down on the world from a better point of view.

The boss was such an emotional.

He passed the rational test, was judged to be rational and went all the way to be someone in politics.

He felt that he wouldn’t be dominated by love and wouldn’t fall in love with anyone until he encountered the rational person.

He understood that falling in love could take only a thousandth of a second.

This person appeared in front of him, didn’t talk, smile or even look at him yet the arrow of Cupid still hit the target.

For the rest of his life, the person hit could only wander between adapting to the arrow or removing it.

The emotional person was like this. He cruelly pulled it out but the hole was always fresh and bloody. It wouldn’t heal without any effort.

The emotional finally understood the importance of the gender system.

He finally saw the sentence that the system was transmitting: Emotional, stay away from rational people.

The great difference meant that an emotional person falling in love with a rational person was tantamount to self-destruction.

Unfortunately, it was too late and there wasn’t any regret in this world.

The emotional person drank too much at a party. He normally never drank but after seeing the rational in front of him, countless negative emotions came to mind and touching the alcohol made the emotional person more irrational.

The emotional person was drunk and the rational person sent him home while also helping him into bed.

The space of solitude finally had someone and the overwhelming love made the emotional pull the rational into his arms and underneath his body.

Everything happened naturally. It wasn’t until dawn that the emotional person’s heart became clear and cold.

The rational came out after a shower and smiled. “Do you still want to be with me?”

The emotional person’s heartbeat was very fast, as if cosmic stars were crammed into his chest and were about to explode.

The rational sat on his lap and wrapped an arm around his neck, asking, “I was very happy last night. Shall we be together for a while?”

Suddenly, the whole universe became cold and the emotional person understood.

The rational left because he was tired. Then a long time passed and he found a fresh feeling last night.

The emotional pushed him away, declaring coldly, “No.”

The rational was slightly surprised. “Why? I thought you were very interested last night.”

The emotional was irritated. “I am very busy lately and don’t have time to do these things.”

“Oh.” The rational was a bit disappointed. “The campaign is about to begin. I wish you a great victory.”

At the end of the movie, the emotional person fell into reincarnation at the age of 50 and forgot the past.

Even at the end of this cycle, the emotional didn’t tell the rational about his love.

He was well aware that it was useless to say it and the rational wouldn’t understand.

In the dark, the line of white words seemed cold and helpless: Emotional people, please stay away from rational people.

The words were like a crumbling castle as they became white fragments. Against the black backdrop, the white fragments were like tears.

The light turned on and the movie was over. It took a while for Xie Xi’s senses to return. The first thought in his head was, ‘Why must I watch this with my loved one?’

What did he see? They broke up! How could such a tragedy be a must-see movie for lovers? The author of the love guide, what misunderstanding did they have about falling in love?”

Jiang Xie suddenly opened his mouth. “Many emotional people are crying badly.”

Xie Xi watched it carefully but after all, he wasn’t rational or emotional, nor was Jiang Xie. They had a very sweet connection so… um… his eyes weren’t red but he was flushed by the bed play.

Jiang Xie smiled and said, “Rational people only watch it for the bed play.”

Xie Xi, “………………”

It was a pit again!

Jiang Xie glanced at him. “What to do next?”

Xie Xi didn’t speak as he was still thinking about how to defend himself…

Jiang Xie was very rational. “If you don’t like to play in the chair then shall we go to a room?”

Xie Xi was half a beat slow to react.

Yes, two rational people didn’t understand the pain of the emotional protagonist. They went to watch the bed scene and what else was there to do after watching the bed play?

Xie Xi quickly shook his head. “No!”

“Hrmm?”

“We should eat dinner after a movie.” Although he felt that the love guide wasn’t reliable, he had developed a strategy based on it and it was too late to change. He could only go to eat.

Jiang Xie wasn’t happy or disappointed. He just listened and asked, “Where are we eating?”

Xie Xi replied, “Dawn Restaurant.” This was a restaurant specifically mentioned in the guide. It was said to be like a dawning morning, the romantic beauty like embracing a new life.

Jiang Xie seemed to feel a bit helpless and tired but he agreed. “Let’s go to Dawn Restaurant.”

He spoke the words without any joy or expectations.

Xie Xi sensed it but what could he do? He could only hope that the love guide hadn’t recommended a ‘breakup restaurant.’

Fortunately, this time the restaurant was very beautiful and emotional.

The virtual morning was like a dream, making people feel like they were standing at the origin of the world that was lonely and quiet. However, due to the person sitting opposite them, they felt indescribable warmth and sweetness.

‘At the beginning of the world, I met you. Meeting you is the beginning of the world.’

This was the romance of the Dawn Restaurant.

Xie Xi was satisfied. The recommended dishes were very tasty but they looked beautiful.

Jiang Xie had no appetite and only slowly drank black tea. His gaze drifted far away, as if looking at the edge of morning.

Jiang Xie wondered softly, “What is the world?”

He was asking Xie Xi but he seemed to be asking himself.

Xie Xi thought about it and replied, “The universe is our world.”

Jiang Xie looked at him and shook his head.

Xie Xi questioned, “What do you think the world is?”

Jiang Xie was silent for a long time before slowly stating, “I don’t know.”

Xie Xi was stunned. Jiang Xie’s eyebrows were tightly gathered together and his hands clenched and released. “This world isn’t my world. My world has no place for me.”

“Why does your world have no place for you?”

“Yes.” Jiang Xie asked, “Why?”

Xie Xi didn’t know what to say.

He had many thoughts but couldn’t stay them because of his identity. Jiang Xie was acting as the soul and Xie Xi had to cooperate with the souls. It would be extremely dangerous to let the souls realize they were souls.

After the meal, Jiang Xie glanced at him and smiled. “We don’t have to walk back. It is too dangerous for you.”

The guide wrote that after eating, the lovers should walk back hand in hand.

Xie Xi jerked. “You…”

Jiang Xie helped him finish. “How do I know what you want to do?”

Xie Xi had a bad feeling in his heart.

Jiang Xie laughed. “The love guide…”

Xie Xi thought secretly, ‘It’s over!’

“Have you read that book?”

Jiang Xie told him, “I wrote that book.”

Xie Xi, “…………”

His dull appearance pleased Jiang Xie and the smile in his eyes was real. “I am very happy today.”

Xie Xi was surprised.

“It was my wish to be able to do this with you.”

Xie Xi never expected that the former president, a 48 year old mature man, would write such abook!

Sure enough, this really was Jiang Xie. It was what Jiang Xie would do! Xie Xi remarked dryly, “I didn’t know that book was written by you.”

“Now only you know.”

Xie Xi, “…” He wasn’t happy to know this secret!

Jiang Xie’s mood was happy. “Don’t worry, I will go back and help you. If you want something then arrange it.”

Xie Xi couldn’t keep up with this person’s brain circuits. “Why?” Didn’t Xie Xi screw it up?

Jiang Xie reached out and touched Xie Xi’s slender eyebrows. “The fact that you read this book shows you are thinking about it. Perhaps I can still love forward to it.”

He was happy from this?

Xie Xi thought of the emotional person in the movie and it was like a knife stabbed his heart.

He couldn’t help asking Jiang Xie, “Is your true gender emotional?”

“Why do you ask that?”

There was no doubt. It was 100% that Jiang Xie disguised as a rational and the president who led for 72 years was actually an emotional person.

Xie Xi asked again, “Why did you write in the book that people should be sure to watch this movie with the person they love?”

I’ve just added a reading list for anyone who is interested.

Reading list link

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...