Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Repairer

Jiang Xie was silent and there was some of the ferocious White Tiger in his appearance.

Xie Xi stared at him. “What is it?”

Jiang Xie leaned over and kissed the other person.

Xie Xi’s eyes widened and he tried hard to push Jiang Xie away. “Um, w-why…”

Jiang Xie released him, the original shameless self restored. “I wanted to taste what good luck is like.”

This person!

Xie Xi’s heart beat faster and he forgot what he was going to say.

Jiang Xie didn’t dare to mess around since this was an important manner. If Xie Xi wasn’t promoted, he wouldn’t be able to go to the new world within 20 hours and then he would be crushed by the Central Government.

“In theory, there are only four general occupations in the Central Government but there are some specific occupations.”

Xie Xi pulled his thoughts back and listened to the serious lecture of Professor Jiang.

Jiang Xie continued, “Specific occupations have harsh trigger conditions. It is based on the timing of the situation as well as your personal strength and thoughts. The probability is about one in a billion.”

It wasn’t easy for Xie Xi to trigger the Repairer’s occupation. First, he had to enter the open world, trigger the guidance tasks and choose the right answers among countless multiple choice questions. If he chose to kill the half zombie and the big fool then he wouldn’t have received Beginner Repair and the events in the future wouldn’t have happened.

Xie Xi pondered on it. “One in a billion?” He didn’t seem to feel it because everything was logical.

Jiang Xie smiled. “It is 100% for you.”

If it didn’t happen then it was one in a billion. If it happened then it was 100%. This was true.

Luck had nothing to do with this. Xie Xi asked him, “Are there any other specific occupations?”

“There is one close to you.”

Xie Xi’s eyes widened. “Aren’t you a designer?”

Jiang Xie coughed. “I’m not worthy of that one in a billion chance. I am talking about Yan Zhe.”

Xie Xi was curious. “God Yan?”

“Yes, his occupation is a divine healer.”

Xie Xi wasn’t surprised at all. Such a powerful healing skill was justified if he had a specific occupation.

Jiang Xie continued, “Yunge’s N also has a specific occupation. He is sneaky and didn’t publicize it but I guess he has some type of buff occupation.” That’s why he worked hard to build such a large organization.

Xie Xi nodded and asked, “What else?”

Jiang Xie was a showman. “What else? Please respect the one in a billion chance.”

Xie Xi was surprised. “That’s all?”

“Most specific occupations have a prominent specialty and it is difficult for them to not be famous. Thus… that’s all.”

Xie Xi, “…” There were three people in all of Central. The probability was truly low.

Unlucky Chief Jiang couldn’t help putting gold on his face. “I have good luck. I knew two out of three people with specific occupations.”

This words would cause anyone listening to feel sour.

Xie Xi coaxed him. “You don’t need any luck. You are the greatest designer.”

Jiang Xie wouldn’t be saddened by this type of thing but he felt Xie Xi’s heart and couldn’t help pretending to be pitiful. “Yes, I’m just a designer.”

“You are better than everyone else?”

“Am I better than God Yan?”

Xie Xi, “…”

This guy was still petty! He still remembered Xie Xi praising Yan Zhe!

Jiang Xie hugged the other person and kissed his neck. “I have to leave a way for others. I had so much bad luck in my life and now I will be taken care of by the goddess of luck. How can other people live?”

Xie Xi pushed this big dog away with a blank face. “The goddess of luck definitely won’t like a man as arrogant as you.”

“Regardless of the goddess, you like me.”

“I…”

Jiang Xie lowered his gaze to Xie Xi. “How is it? You don’t like me?” He deliberately lowered his voice like a rascal.

Xie Xi shook his head. “I don’t like it!”

Jiang Xie let out an ‘oh’ before slowly saying, “If you don’t like me, is it love?”

This was really putting gold on his face! Xie Xi was blushing but he couldn’t say that he didn’t love this person. It might be a joke but he didn’t want to say it because he really loved Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie’s heart was sweet. How could there be such a cute baby under the sun?

In addition, this big baby was his.

Jiang Xie felt that he could continue to be unlucky in his next life as long as he met Xie Xi.

Xie Xi used a lot of effort to return the topic to the main point. “What exactly is a Repairer?”

Jiang Xie told him, “Maybe you can repair my broken worlds.”

Xie Xi also thought it should be like this. After all, the new world required an occupation change and he had the new occupation of a Repairer.

Jiang Xie mentioned that he forcibly pulled away the souls, causing the quasi-worlds to collapse. Could Xie X go in and repair them?

Xie Xi stated, “It should be like this.”

Jiang Xie’s demeanour was significantly more relaxed than before. “I break it down and you fix it. We are really a couple.”

These were his usual words of love and there seemed to be nothing wrong. However, Xie Xi was too keen. In particular, he would be cheated to death if he wasn’t sharp when it came to matters regarding Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi held the other person’s hand and stared at him. “The quasi-worlds collapsing really has no effect on you?”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi was tricked by him before. Indeed, the souls returning to Jiang Xie was a good thing but what about the souls that didn’t come back?

Xie Xi pressed him. “…Does this mean the souls trapped in the collapsed worlds won’t come back!”

He thought it through and started sweating.

For example, if Jiang Xie entered Love to the Left or Right then he would take away Randy, Aix-en and Gars when leaving. The three of them were involved in Lost Atlantis and Atlantis would become a broken world.

It was true that the eldest, second and third children had returned but what about the fourth, fifth and sixth princes of Atlantis? What should they do? Would they be stuck in the collapsed world?

As long as he was missing a soul, Jiang Xie would always be in an unstable state. No one could say what would happen in the end!

Jiang Xie smiled at him. “Well, you can fix it.”

“What if I didn’t get the Repairer occupation?”

Wouldn’t the collapsed worlds be abandoned and the souls forever trapped?

It was impossible for Jiang Xie to not realize this but he didn’t mention anything. He also deliberately misled Xie Xi so that Xie Xi didn’t think too much.

Xie Xi finally understood why Jiang Xie reacted so strongly when hearing about the Repairer occupation.

He thought that Jiang Xie was too surprised by his luck but he was actually feeling thankful!

The quasi-worlds were broken and the souls were trapped, but he was forced to pretend to be fine…

Then he learnt about the Repairer occupation and kissed Xie Xi out of excitement.

Xie Xi was really angry and pained. He wanted to kill his person but also couldn’t bear to scold him. “You are looking down on me.”

Jiang Xie was anxious. “How can I…”

“I am younger than you, weaker than you and have less experience than you. Is that why you’re looking down on me?”

Jiang Xie was really panicked and scrambled to explain, “No, I don’t think that. I just…” He paused before finally saying, “I’m just not used to it.”

He was used to solving all problems by himself. He was used to bearing things alone because he had come all this way alone.

For many things, there were no benefits when talking about them. Apart from causing worry, morale to plummet and doubling the danger, there was no other meaning.

Thus, he didn’t say it out of habit.

Xie Xi was shocked by the words.

Jiang Xie, this prideful guy, saying these words was equivalent to exposing himself in front of Xie Xi.

Xie Xi’s heart ached and he took Jiang Xie’s hand. “You have to get used to it.”

Jiang Xie interlocked their fingers.

Xie Xi told him, “I will always be with you in the future. You won’t be alone again so please believe in me.”

Jiang Xie’s heart was hit by a huge wave and the light in his eyes was amazing.

Xie Xi was embarrassed by saying so much and wanted to pull his hand back.

Then Jiang Xie held him tightly. “Say it again.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie’s hoarse voice seemed to be suppressing some shaking. “Say it again, please?” Only one word was added but it seemed to bring out some pleading.

Xie Xi was affected and whispered, “I will always be with you in the future. You won’t be alone again so please believe in me….”

Jiang Xie kissed him, pouring out his passionate emotions through the hot kiss.

There were words echoing in his mind. He didn’t know who said it but it was engraved in his mind like a mark.

‘Don’t be afraid to be lonely. Wait and you will eventually find the best person.’

Some people’s tenderness only lasted for three seconds. In particular, Jiang Xie saw Xie Xi’s red eyes and couldn’t help wanting to amuse this person to make him happy.

Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “I have something to tell you.”

Xie Xi asked, “What is it?” He was ready to listen because he thought it was a big deal…

Jiang Xie flicked his fingers and a water curtain appeared in the air.

Xie Xi stared at it with a very serious expression. He was focused and attached great importance to the first secret Professor Jiang would share.

Jiang Xie opened the friends bar. Among the few friends, Xie Xi’s name was particularly eye-catching.

Xie Xi saw the number behind his name and was stunned. “What is this?”

Jiang Xie calmly explained, “One of my trash skills allows me to see the goodwill of beginner players.”

Xie Xi who didn’t react at first. After his reaction, “…………”

Jiang Xie stared at the green 999 and there was no need to mention how happy he was. “999 is the highest value and it is impossible for it to go higher.”

He just finished speaking when he saw the 999 become 998, 997, 996, 995…

“Eh!” Jiang Xie cried out. “Don’t fall, don’t fall anymore!”

His tone was like a poor stockholder who saw the stocks plummet.

Xie Xi stared at him blankly. “Then you have always seen my feelings towards you?”

Jiang Xie honestly admitted it. “Yes…”

Xie Xi’s lips curved downwards. “How much was the initial number?”

0 points? 0 was the limit and it was impossible to go lower. He didn’t expect that…

Jiang Xie truthfully confessed. “It was initially -99.”

Xie Xi was shocked. “It can be a negative number?”

“Of course. The lowest number recorded was -777 and now it has risen to 999, oh, 988. It is really as beautiful as a dream.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie spoke softly, “Baby, don’t be angry. Once you are promoted to an intermediate player, I won’t be able to see your goodwill anymore. Isn’t it good to let it stay at the most beautiful 999?”

Xie Xi laughed. “-999 is also beautiful.”

Jiang Xie was shocked.

Xie Xi was very surprised by this goodwill skill but his heart was warm.

Thanks to Love to the Left or Right, Xie Xi hated X to death. At that time, Jiang Xie saw the -99 goodwill yet he still showed so much care and favour towards Xie Xi…

This fool!

He was soft-hearted and the goodwill immediately jumped to 999. It was like Jiang Xie read his mind as Jiang Xie whispered, “At that time, you were so interesting. You clearly hated you but you smiled and called me God X. So cute…

Xie Xi had no expression and wanted to add a negative sign to this goodwill!

Changing to a Repairer had a level requirement. Xie Xi must first be promoted to an intermediate player.

Beginner players needed full experience to be promoted and they also needed to do a promotion test.

This test was released by the Central Government and the time between tests was relatively static. They could give it up and if they didn’t pass, they just needed to consume a few gold coins and they could try again next time.

However, every player wanted to be promoted the first time once their experience was full. It was because if they weren’t promoted, they would have to go to a quasi-world. The degree of completion might be higher but their experience wouldn’t increase, which was tantamount to a waste.

Xie Xi had nothing to worry about. He directly signed up for the next test and waited for Central’s notification.

The little rose who had been through a battle wasn’t afraid of a promotion test.

Jiang Xie stared at the people online and sent a voice message. “Do you want to come for an activity?”

Nan Yi immediately replied, “Old Jiang, are you finally leaving the mountain?” This person with a love brain, he hadn’t done any business since his relationship began.

Qin Ge was next. “Ah Zhe told me to ask what type of activity it is.”

Yan Zhe was angry. “I told you to ask. Why are you asking like this?” This dead wood!

Qin Ge, “…”

Jiang Xie smiled mysteriously. “It is an activity you have never participated in. If you want to come, enter the team.”

Nan Yi was most excited and entered the team with great enthusiasm. Yan Zhe was unmoved and Qin Ge coaxed him, “If you don’t go, what will they do if they are injured?”

Yan Zhe scoffed. Under the persuasion of Nan Yi and the other three, Yan Zhe barely joined the team.

Jiang Xie gathered all the fooled people in place and started the registration.

These powerful gods thought they were blind.

Then Yan Zhe screamed, “Old Jiang, what the hell are you doing? What do we have to go to an intermediate test as examiners?”

Jiang Xie’s face was very thick. “You should try everything in life.”

Nan Yi was also shocked. “This is the activity we have never participated in?”

Jiang Xie asked him, “Have you participated in it before?”

He… he… he really hadn’t participated!

Yan Zhe reacted. “Is it because Little Rose is being promoted to an intermediate player?” Too fast!

Jiang Xie didn’t reply.

The other members also reacted. Nan Yi said, “It turned out to be like this. You should’ve said it earlier. We must do our best to help our sister-in-law cheat…”

“What are you talking about?” Old God Jiang told them, “I am giving you a chance to appreciate how good he is.”

Everyone, “…………………………”

Jiang Xie added another knife. “Of course, such a good child has been bound to me for life.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...