Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 8 Boundaries 7

The bright sunshine on him caused a layer of thin sweat but on Xie Xi, it seemed to give a golden layer of light that made the person feel beautiful.

Jiang Xie stared and raised his hand…

Was this person’s skin hot or slightly cold? Was the touch as smooth as it looked? Or would it be like tender tofu?

Jiang Xie’s mouth was dry and the person in front of him was like an oasis in the desert. This person could cool him, quench his thirst and extinguish the indescribable heat in his heart.

He touched Xie Xi gently on the back of the hand.

It wasn’t the first time he touched Xie Xi. He had held this hand countless times in the last six months.

It had never been like this before. It felt like he was being sucked in, as if there were countless tiny ants nibbling at his fingertips and letting him…

What was he doing?

Jiang Xie quickly pulled back with a pale face. He fled back into the house, leaning against the cold wall and breathing deeply.

Was estrus so terrible?

He went so crazy that he regarded the man who adopted him as a female beastman! How could this be?

Jiang Xie got a basin of cold water and poured it all over himself. The burning of his fingertips went away but the throbbing of his heart still existed.

He suddenly remembered the bouquet of flowers and the words that the others told Xie Xi. ‘Mr Xie, you should find a companion too.’

Xie Xi stated that he was in poor health and didn’t want to drag down others. Did this mean he would marry if he recovered?

That was for certain. Who wanted to live alone for the rest of their lives?

Jiang Xie slowly sank to the ground while holding his wet hair with both hands.

Don’t think about it. He would wait for Xie Xi’s body to be well and he should also embark on the road of revenge. It would be good if there was someone to accompany Xie Xi. He, he would be relieved.

He told himself this but it was like a knife stabbed at his heart.

Jiang Xie sat for a long time before getting up and changing his clothes.

He calmed down. Just now, he was occupied by the silly physiological desires and his thoughts were a mess.

There was nothing to think about. Ignoring the deep blood feud, what could he do even if he stayed with Xie Xi?

They were both males.

Xie Xi saved him and treated him as a child. How could he used dirty thoughts to humiliate Xie Xi?

Jiang Xie sighed softly and went out to call Xie Xi.

It was good to be in the sun but it had been along time since this person had eaten.

“Sir?” He called out to Xie Xi.

Xie Xi opened his eyes, the pair of slightly blank eyes like black crystal that swept away the stars in the sky and struck at Jiang Xie’s heart.

The thoughts that Jiang Xie suppressed surged even more sharply.

Xie Xi’s voice was filled with some chagrin. “How did I fall asleep?”

He got up and it seemed he was dizzy from being in the sunlight for a long time. Once he got up from the chair, his body shook slightly.

Jiang Xie leaned forward and helped hold him up.

Xie Xi smiled at him. “Look at me, I’m really useless.”

Jiang Xie’s hand was on this person’s waist. Through the sun-hot clothes, he seemed to be able to pinch this thin waist…

“Little Xie?”

Jiang Xie woke up sharply. His first thought was to pull away his hand but Xie Xi would fall.

His throat moved as he looked down to see Xie Xi’s dry lips.

Xie Xi looked up at him. “Hmm?”

It felt like g*npowder blowing apart Jiang Xie’s body. Six or seven souls flew away at once.

“Back…” He controlled his voice. “Go back to the house. Dinner is ready.”

Xie Xi’s eyes flashed as he whispered, “I’m always bothering you to cook.”

“It’s just a matter of raising my hands.”

“If I’m really your father then I’m too incompetent.”

The heartless words were like a basin of cold water being poured on Jiang Xie’s head.

Father…

Older…

Male…

Jiang Xie smiled reluctantly. “Don’t say that. You treat me very well. I would’ve died without you.”

Xie Xi paused before sighing softly. “You’re a good boy.”

Xie Xi often said these words, especially during Jiang Xie’s childhood. He often coaxed Jiang Xie like this.

Previously, Jiang Xie might not feel like a child anymore but he loved to listen to these words. He felt acknowledged.

Now he heard Xie Xi say so and his heart felt like it was stabbed by needles.

Jiang Xie stated, “I’m an adult. I’m not a child.”

Xie Xi looked up at him with a trace of worry. “Yes, you have grown up.”

Jiang Xie knew this person was worried about his marriage and his heart suffered even more.

“I bought sweet corn, broke it apart and cooked it in porridge. It tastes good. You can go in and eat it.” Jiang Xie knew that Xie Xi liked to eat corn from outside the village because it was sweet, crunchy and juicy.

Xie Xi was delighted. “Then I should hurry. It isn’t good to eat if it is cold.”

Jiang Xie brought him into the house. “There’s no hurry. I’m using the fire to keep it warm.

Xie Xi spoke again. “You are really capable.”

“It’s all trivial. It’s nothing.”

Xie Xi seemed to want to say something but stopped.

The corn porridge was sweet and delicious and Xie Xi ate more than half a bowl.

Jiang Xie was afraid he would get indigestion and didn’t give him anymore.”If you want to eat, I’ll give you a bowl later.”

Xie Xi also didn’t dare to eat anymore. His body was too more and the amount of exercise was seriously inadequate. If he ate a bit more then he would suffer in the evening.

He replied, “Good things can’t be finished. Let’s eat again tomorrow.”

Xie Xi ate light food while Jiang Xie ate a large piece of cooked meat. After the transformation, he no longer ate raw meat but ate a balanced diet like humans.

Jiang Xie was cutting meat on the plate when he suddenly opened his mouth. “Do you have any plans for after your body is better?”

Xie Xi smiled bitterly. “My body…”

Jiang Xie didn’t like to hear him speak sad words. “It will certainly be better.”

Xie Xi’s tone was full of indulgence. “Yes, it will be fine.”

“Then do you have anything you want to do?”

Xie Xi glanced at the other person and soon opened his mouth again. “Why are you suddenly asking about this?”

Jiang Xie’s hand cut the meat, his heart flying to an unknown place. “It is very lucky that you caught the bouquet of flowers. Once your body is well, you can find a female…”

The following words were like a knife in the throat that couldn’t be swallowed.

Xie Xi didn’t expect him to say this and was slightly surprised. “Do you want me to find a female parent?”

The knife in Jiang Xie’s hand cut against the plate. The sound of metal hitting porcelain was very harsh, especially in the cave.

Jiang Xie put down the knife and stated, “As long as you are well, there are many females willing to marry you.”

Xie Xi sat in the chair and quietly watched this person.

Jiang Xie seemed to feel that he was completely seen through.

No way, it was absolutely impossible!

Jiang Xie clenched his fists under the table while continuing, “This is normal. Getting married and having children is something we all do.”

The more he spoke, the more he wanted to cover up the taste…

Xie Xi gazed at this person deeply. “You are old enough to get married.”

Jiang Xie told him, “I don’t want to marry anyone.”

“Why?”

Jiang Xie didn’t tell the other person about revenge, only saying, “There are no suitable people here.”

Xie Xi wondered, “Then do you want to go back to the Lion Country to find someone?”

Jiang Xie was clearly the one who initiated it first. He clearly asked Xie Xi first but the moment he heard Xie Xi’s blunt question, a knot formed in his heart and he wanted to shout in a wronged and unwilling manner, ‘Don’t mention the matter of marrying again! It is very good if we continue like this!’

How could this be?

He couldn’t do so even if he wanted.

Jiang Xie replied, “I don’t want to go back to the Lion Country.”

Xie Xi didn’t speak.

Jiang Xie added, “But I won’t marry any tigers.”

Xie Xi responded with slight tiredness, “I am tired. I’ll go to rest first.”

“Goodnight.”

Xie Xi got up. “Goodnight.”

Jiang Xie cleaned up the chopsticks and stayed in the kitchen to think.

He didn’t know what was wrong with himself. He was in good health, not bound by any desires and didn’t feel an uncontrollable heat.

The most uncomfortable thing was the heart in his chest. He didn’t know how to describe it. It was as if he woke up overnight and he didn’t know when a person had been placed in his heart.

That night, Jiang Xie had a dream.

In his dream, he was in a completely strange place. It seemed to be a garden with roses blooming like a rolling red wave.

In the distance, there was a small pavilion made of an unknown white jade. Inside was a round table with two small stools.

There was a man in the pavilion. Instead of sitting on a small stool, he was leaning against the pavilion. He seemed to be looking at something in a serious and focused manner.

Jiang Xie approached step by step, his heart beating quickly.

The man seemed to sense him and turned his head with a smile. In an instant, the red roses became white and the whole world was instantly clear.

Jiang Xie felt a gust of wind that blew open his heart, giving him endless pleasure and comfort.

He walked up and unknowingly hugged this person.

Not only did the man not push him away, the man always wrapped an arm around his neck.

Jiang Xie bowed his head and covered his lips, kissing this person closely.

The man said, “N-Not here.”

Jiang Xie didn’t listen and pressed him against the white jade pillar.

The man was a bit annoyed but his voice was sweet and seductive.

Jiang Xie wanted to kiss this person but always wanted to listen to his voice. For a time, he felt that nothing was enough.

The person exclaimed, “Enough!”

Jiang Xie gently bit him on the neck. “No.”

The man stared at him with wet eyes. “Jiang Xie!”

“Yes.”

“You’re almost…”

Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “Little Xie, I miss you…”

Suddenly, Jiang Xie awakened from the dream. He sat up in a cold sweat, his eyes full of fear. The man in his dream was Xie Xi, the person who saved his life and brought him up.

Jiang Xie was delusional and actually had such a dream. He was really… a bastard!

In the other room, Xie Xi also woke up from a dream. How did he dream of Central again?

Xie Xi rubbed his temple and got up to drink water. He moved and felt his body was a bit sticky.

He dreamed of Central and also doing those things was Jiang Xie. Was he a bit dissatisfied?

It was a pity that his lover was near yet his lover wanted him to marry someone else.

Xie Xi really wanted to pick up the little lion and shake the water off his head, making him sober! But…

Xie Xi slowly changed clothes, thinking, ‘No wonder why Jiang Xie didn’t express his feelings, causing me to think about this.’

Still, what could Xie Xi say? He had this broken body and couldn’t help Jiang Xie through estrus.

Then Xie Xi had a new worry. What should he do with his sticky clothes?

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...