Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 18

Xie Xi told him with a blank expression, “Roll!” (TL: Can also mean get lost)

Jiang Xie was obedient and one dragon and bird approached again. Xie Xi didn’t push them away this time. “I said to roll!”

Jiang Xie told him, “This is rolling over.”

“I mean… get out!”

“There is no way. My legs have their own ideas.”

Xie Xi angrily cried out, “Shall I help you cut them off?”

Jiang Xie cleared his throat. “I have many legs and I’m afraid you can’t cut all of them.”

Xie Xi, “………………” He wanted a divorce!

Jiang Xie wasn’t inclined to keep teasing him. After all, the red goodwill showed him that even if there was a high of 999, it could also fall again to -999.

Jiang Xie temporarily placed Vermilion Bird away and spoke with Azure Dragon’s body. “Okay, don’t be angry. I won’t make trouble.”

Xie Xi stared at him. This bastard knew that he was fooling around!

Jiang Xie told him, “I want to show my mental strength to you.”

Xie Xi sneered. “You showed your mental illness.”

Jiang Xie gave a low laugh. “Child, those words aren’t right.”

Could a psychotic person have his self-esteem hurt? Xie Xi didn’t think so.

Sure enough, this guy spoke the following sentence, “You know that your husband is sick so you should quickly kiss…” What was love?

Xie Xi couldn’t listen and got up. “I’m going!”

Jiang Xie surrendered. “Let’s speak about business!”

Xie Xi couldn’t believe in this person’s evil!

Jiang Xie quickly continued, “I can only erase some of their memories. I can’t create memories.”

Xie Xi became tense. “What do I do?” If this bastard failed, wasn’t Xie Xi going to die badly?

Jiang Xie couldn’t bear to scare him and replied seriously, “It is easy. Act out a corresponding memory for them.”

Xie Xi understood. “It is necessary for me to say the words?”

“Yes, say it and I will erase all the extra parts.”

Xie Xi, “…”

It was really time to test his acting skills.

“Come.” Jiang Xie told him. “Azure Dragon, play, action.”

Xie Xi couldn’t act and laughed directly. “Shut up.”

His tone was full of laughter, causing Jiang Xie to feel itchy and kiss Xie Xi on the cheek.

Xie Xi gave him a look. “Is this part of the script?”

Director Jiang smiled shamelessly. “This is the unspoken rule.”

Damn unspoken rule! Xie Xi’s eyes curved. “Don’t delay me or…”

Jiang Xie couldn’t stand it. He grabbed the person for a kiss but Xie Xi pushed him away. Jiang Xie demanded, “Kiss me.”

Xie Xi’s cheeks turned red. “No:

Jiang Xie looked very wronged. “We haven’t kissed for a while.”

Xie Xi glanced at Vermilion Bird sitting on the bed and his face became redder. “What is he looking at?!”

“It’s nothing. I’m the one watching, no one else.”

Xie Xi naturally knew this but… it was weird!

“I will let Vermilion Bird go outside.”

“This is Vermilion Bird’s room.” “Then I’ll let Azure Dragon go outside.”

This wasn’t the point! Xie Xi wondered, “If you let them go out, won’t they angrily kill each other?” As long as there were people outside, they would ‘wake up.’

Jiang Xie became even more wronged. “What should I do?”

“What to do? Just… wait until later.” In any case, he couldn’t kiss in front of a person, even if the person was Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie regretted it. “If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have these two bodies together.”

Xie Xi’s eyes widened. “What did you say?”

“I mean, there must be no confusion between the two bodies.”

“Do you think I’m deaf? How are these two sentences the same?”

Jiang Xie’s calculations were invincible. “The word count is the same.” (TL: In Chinese).

Xie Xi, “……………………”

After staying with this person for so long, he refined the ability to rest pressure. Xie Xi’s expression didn’t change even if a mountain collapsed in front of him.

Xie Xi refused to be intimate in front of another body!

No matter what tricks Jiang Xie attempted, Xie Xi refused.

The perverted thoughts in Jiang Xie’s head were purified. “It is hard to have so many bodies…”

Xie Xi glared at him. Jiang Xie corrected himself. “I mean, I love you with five hearts and I’m just resting in other places.”

That…

Xie Xi took a while to respond. “You…”

“I love you.”

Xie Xi didn’t fall for this. “Get lost!”

The two of them went in a big circle before returning to business.

Xie Xi tried not to laugh and seriously told Vermilion Bird in front of Azure Dragon, “I’m sorry, the words I told you before were a lie. I only love Lord Azure Dragon and don’t want to dissolve my engagement with him. I hope you can understand. Feelings can’t be forced. Who likes who…”

Jiang Xie nodded. “Yes, just like I will always like you.”

Xie Xi scolded him. “Don’t speak!”

Jiang Xie spoke pitifully, “You used to listen to me before.”

“You were giving a lecture!”

“I’m giving a lecture now about our sweet love.”

Xie Xi exclaimed, “We’re still recording!” Then he realized that he was taken in by this guy. What was recording?

After doing it again, he finally passed.

Jiang Xie told him, “Come on, next.”

Xie Xi was too lazy to correct him. In any case, this was almost the same as filming. Once he finished, Jiang Xie would also ‘cut’ it.

Xie Xi told Azure Dragon in front of Vermilion Bird, “I’m sorry. My mind has been decided. I want to be with Sage Vermilion Bird. Our engagement…”

This time it was better. Jiang Xie didn’t interrupt and waited for Xie Xi to finish. Xie Xi asked, “How about it?”

Jiang Xie was also into the play. “If you really regret the marriage…”

Xie Xi wanted to shake his head and shouted, ‘Wake up a bit! The ants have been moving for 10 years!’

Jiang Xie’s eyes brightened. “There is still some time. Shall we take the opportunity to do something?”

Xie Xi hit him blankly but his heart was tugged.

The brain circuits of the souls were basically a map of Jiang Xie. Two of them almost died and Xie Xi was actually worried.

He always felt that the previous X was world-weary. This was despite standing at the peak of Central, becoming the greatest designer and creating countless myths.

Jiang Xie was pessimistic and even despised himself. The more he understood, the more Xie Xi had to admit it. A distressed Sirius was actually hiding in this man’s heart.

The trio couldn’t be alone for too long. Once things finished, it was time to withdraw.

Think about it. They came for a tense showdown so how could they have tea and chat?

The time had dragged on long enough and Jiang Xie guaranteed something. “These old beasts have lived for too long. Their concept of time is poor and I can adjust it slightly.

Xie Xi was silent.

A thousand year old dragon… a thousand year old bird… they were really old beasts.

However, how could this person say it!

For this Jiang Xie, Xie Xi really had a heart of stone.

This guy was criticizing himself? How could Xie Xi not believe it?

Jiang Xie finally asked Xie Xi to make up the contents.

Xie Xi told Azure Dragon, “I want to go back to the rose family and cultivate in the nursery for a while, so I will have the strength to repair your scales.”

He also mentioned the marriage. “We should wait regarding marriage. On the one hand, I don’t want to stimulate Vermilion Bird again. On the other hand, I want to concentrate on repairing your scales. Can we hold the wedding once you are perfectly healthy?”

Jiang nodded while holding his hand. “Marriage isn’t urgent. Can we hold the bridal chamber first?”

Xie Xi, “…Get lost!”

Then he said to Vermilion Bird, “I have to go back to the rose family and inform the elders. After all, cancelling a  marriage contract isn’t a trivial matter. Many things have to be carefully handled. Can we first conceal our relationship and then reveal it once the marriage contract is cancelled?”

After all, it was the Holy Mountain. If he was together with Vermilion Bird before the marriage was cancelled, it would be embarrassing. It was better to have a time buffer.

Jiang Xie agreed and then said, “It doesn’t matter about a public relationship. A private tryst…”

Before he finished speaking, Xie Xi covered his mouth. “I won’t see you again next time.”

Jiang Xie blinked. Xie Xi sneered. “I think your souls are lovelier than you.”

Jiang Xie, “!”

This was really a broken leg!

Once out the door, Azure Dragon and Vermilion Bird were restored to their original states. They were inscrutable and stared at each other with generous eyes, letting bygones be bygones.

Xie Xi stood between them and realized what it was like to suffocate on the atmosphere.

He was in a hurry to withdraw because he was afraid to stay any longer.

Azure Dragon earnestly told Vermilion Bird, “Recuperate. The most important thing is your body.” Losing love wasn’t so terrible. If he was alive, he would always meet someone else.

Vermilion Bird told Azure Dragon, “You too. Keeping a good body is the biggest capital.” Falling out of love was good. He could continue his cultivation path of no desires.

Xie Xi had a toothache!

Fortunately, Director Jiang’s editing technique was excellent. Both of them felt like they were the final winner and felt respect and compassion for the loser, not adding insult to injury.

The three people came outside and Azure Dragon and Vermilion Bird spoke at the same time, “I will send you back to Rose Mountain.”

Xie Xi, “!”

Azure Dragon stared at Vermilion Bird and Vermilion Bird stared at Azure Dragon. The two people raised their eyebrows at the same time.

Xie Xi was caught in the middle and felt a bitter chill.

Director Jiang, I just praised you on your skills. How could it go wrong?

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...