Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Lost Atlantis 5

Xie Xi didn’t feel well as he saw the progress bar rise and fall this way.

Didn’t the sixth prince like to eat? Did Xie Xi choose what the prince hated the most? Sixth prince, was he superficially polite while feeling dislike in his heart?

Xie Xi was afraid this orange progress bar would return to zero and hurriedly sat upright, not showing any more traces of concern.

Sure enough, the task of the perverted X wasn’t so simple. It seemed that the sixth prince’s nature was very eccentric.

How could he gain the love of an eccentric person? Xie Xi didn’t have any normal love experience and couldn’t figure it out.

He didn’t dare pay attention to the sixth prince anymore. It was only now that he noticed the fifth prince on his other side was silent.

He felt good towards the fifth prince and was in the mood to reciprocate. He got up and helped fill the fifth prince’s empty wine glass.

The fifth prince looked up at him and Xie Xi smiled politely.

The fifth prince spoke in a stiff manner, “This is the work of servants. There is no need for you to do it.”

Xie Xi lowered his voice and spoke at a volume only the other person could hear. “Your subordinate should pour the wine. It is thanks to Your Highness’ magnanimity that I got the opportunity to taste such delicacies.”

The fifth princes’ eyes and lips curved. “The Hall family is honourable. You don’t need to be so self-deprecating.”

Xie Xi’s fish tail showed that his blood was impure and it was also estimated that the name Hall wasn’t among the nobles.

Xie Xi smiled in a dumbfounded manner.

The mission progress rose from 1% to 3%…

The progress bar was a very long line and the progress of 3% was small. Due to the bright orange colour, it was very conspicuous and easy to see.

Why had it gone up again? Xie Xi glanced at the sixth prince from the corner of his eyes.

The sixth prince was stable as he seriously ate. He didn’t look at Xie Xi at all.

Was it only when ignoring the prince that the affection would rise?

Xie Xi couldn’t understand. Was the sixth prince mentally ill? On the other hand, this was X’s soul. The master was so crazy. The soul was just an immature wisp and would be even more crazy…

Since it would make the progress rise, let’s ignore him.

Xie Xi completely didn’t look at the sixth prince and talked happily with the fifth prince.

Xie Xi didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. By the end of the meal, Xie Xi hadn’t glanced once at the sixth prince yet the progress bar had risen to 8%!

Once it was over, the fifth prince said to him, “Go and find me when you have time.”

Xie Xi replied, “Okay.” In fact, he replied in a perfunctory manner. ‘If you don’t live with the sixth prince, I won’t come and find you.’

The second prince was a troublemaker. He glanced between Xie Xi and the fifth prince and smiled. “Your beauty is matched with talent. Small Sein really has vision.”

Xie Xi, “…” Fu*k your beauty!

The third prince was filled with bitterness. “Fickle person.”

Xie Xi, “???”

How good of a young man was he? He made this group of psychopaths violently angry.

The fifth prince defended him. “Don’t say that to him. Small Sein is a guard of the royal family. He is very talented…”

He didn’t finish his words before the second prince interrupted. “Yes, he doesn’t serve those who don’t look like a king.”

Xie Xi heard that the mother of the third prince was a servant of the queen. She was noticed by the king because of her beauty, admitted to the harem and gave birth to the third prince.

Once the second prince said this, the third prince blew up. HIs eyes were red, his lips thinned into a line as he stared at the second and fifth prince, also implicating Xie Xi along the way.

Xie Xi, “…” Get lost, they were all in the way of the sixth prince!

The fourth prince coughed, breaking the atmosphere. “Brothers, this isn’t good. Poor hospitality will make my brothers unhappy with me.

The second prince smiled. “How can that be? You are secluded in this beautiful and quiet place, filled with delicious food and wine. Brother should be very happy.”

The third prince wasn’t provoked by the second prince to make trouble for the fourth prince. He scoffed and left.

As soon as the third prince left, the second prince glanced at Xie Xi and went away with an ambiguous smile.

Xie Xi couldn’t help cursing, ‘Gaudy person!’

After returning to the royal guards, Xie Xi didn’t get in contact with the sixth prince again and the task progress stopped at 8%.

However, Xie Xi felt this progress was very good. It had risen by nearly one-tenth after one encounter. After becoming thoroughly familiar with each other, wasn’t it a matter of time until he completed the task?

Xie Xi looked at the orange progress bar in a contented manner. He just lay down to rest when he received a hint.

[The elf egg has successfully hatched. Please accept it.]

It finally hatched? Xie Xi’s eyes lit up and and sat up.

He shouted in his heart, “I will receive it.” Then a light flashed and something white fell on his palm.

Xie Xi just felt that the palm of his hand was soft. He looked closely and his lips curved.

The little furry guy, its white hair seemed to be shining as bright as the stars.

Xie Xi reached out and poked him.

The little fellow twisted and the body that was in a ball gradually stretched out.

It looked like…

A small kitten?

Xie Xi thought this elf would be like the small creatures in animated cartoons. He didn’t expect it to be a small animal.

He liked small animals and in particular, he had no resistance towards furry ones like this.

He couldn’t help poking it again. Unexpectedly, the small cat had a pair of white wings on his back.

The little fellow flapped its wings and flew up. The short legs dangled down and its eyes opened.

Xie Xi, “!”

“Meow~ Mommy!” The small cat slammed into Xie Xi’s arms.

Xie Xi, “…”

“Mommy!” The small cat stared up at him with watery eyes. “Uh… Mommy, you look a bit ugly but it doesn’t matter. I don’t hate you.”

Who didn’t hate whom?

Xie Xi picked up this little fellow and stared for a while.

The kitten’s eyes, one was sky blue and the other was sunset red…

It was really a Persian cat!

Xie Xi endured it and managed not to throw the cat away!

The small cat was unaware and asked him, “Mommy, what is my name?”

Xie Xi, “…”

“Mommy?”

Xie Xi’s lips curved downwards. “Fork…” X should be read as Axe but he read it as ‘fork’ in his heart! (TL: Remember, different Chinese characters.)

The small cat asked, “Fork?”

“Roast Pork Bun!”

The small cat was silent before he struggled to survive. “Can you change it? It is so hard to hear…”

Xie Xi was ruthless. “No.”

The small cat made tearful eyes. “Mommy~”

This call made Xie Xi even more determined. “My name is Xie Xi. I’m a man and I’m not your mother.”

The small cat, no, he was Roast Pork Bun now, made a wronged expression. “Elves are very rare. All of you should treat elves as babies…’

Xie Xi asked, “Should I?”

“That’s right.” Roast Pork Bun cried out. “It is written in the hatching training courses. We will transform into the appearance our mother loves the most and will be pampered. We only need to eat, drink, sleep and occasionally spoil…” This was different from what was taught!

Xie Xi, “…” He didn’t care about this bullshit hatching course. His mind was full of the words, ‘The appearance our mother loves most.’

Did he really like this Persian cat? Oh, he was thinking too much. He wanted to kill that person!

The more Xie Xi thought about it, the angrier he was. “What is your use?”

Roast Pork Bun stared with big eyes. “Aren’t I cute? Am I not likeable?” He turned in a circle to show how cute he was. Unfortunately, his mother was blind. “Isn’t this Mommy’s favourite appearance?”

Xie Xi, “…” He wanted to cover him with the blanket.

He remembered the tip in the item bar: Gold grade. Hurry to sell it. Exchanging it for money is more cost-effective than raising this thing!

He should’ve sold this elf for money. Sure enough, X wouldn’t give him anything good!

Roast Pork Bun hummed. “In every quasi-world, I can help you resist three fatal injuries.” His mother wasn’t normal. He had to try hard to survive QAQ!

Xie Xi asked, “What else?”

Roast Pork Bun’s eyes were watery. “I can also sell meng…”

Xie Xi, “…”

Roast Pork Bun wanted to cry. Wasn’t selling meng a skill? As long as he sold it well, he wouldn’t be afraid to travel anywhere in the world. The training course was wrong!

Xie Xi was sleep and pulled the cat into his arms. He found the cat was too small to even be suitable as a pillow.

Roast Pork Bun didn’t move until deep breathing sounds were heard. He just wanted to climb out when he heard his mother saying, “…If I had known, I would’ve sold it for money.”

Roast Pork Bun shrank back and didn’t dare move. This was different from what he expected.

And… wasn’t a golden elf exclusive to wealthy tyrants? Why did he feel like his mother was a bit poor…

Xie Xi used two days to study and understand Roast Pork Bun.

The name wasn’t wrong. This really was a roasted pork.

The only active skill: Immune to three fatal injuries. The advantage is that there is also a painless effect. This skill reset after leaving the quasi-world, meaning it could be reused in the next quasi-world.

There was also a stealth passive skill in the quasi-world. As long as Xie Xi didn’t want it, no one could see this Roast Pork Bun.

As for the other abilities… he could really chatter!

Xie Xi hatched him and signed an attachment treaty with him. Thus, Roast Pork Bun unconditionally relied on Xie Xi. If Xie Xi didn’t want him, he wouldn’t be able to survive.

Roast Pork Bun, “Mommy…”

Xie Xi glanced at him.

Roast Pork Bun changed it to, “Daddy…”

Xie Xi was only 19 and didn’t want to be a father. “Call me by my name.”

Roast Pork Bun didn’t dare think about it. He thought for a long time before hiding the name. “I am still small. I can evolve after I grow up.”

“Evolve?”

Roast Pork Bun hurriedly said, “Yes, I can evolve as long as you raise me well!”

Xie Xi asked, “What is the method to raise you well?”

Roast Pork Bun, “…” This wasn’t written in the training course. It was written to sell meng and live well! However, his mother didn’t eat the meng that he sold!

Roast Pork Bun stammered, “You will know after I evolve.”

Xie Xi smiled.

Roast Pork Bun cried out, “Really… I will really become amazing!”

Xie Xi carried the cat in his collar.

The small head of Roast Pork Bun hung from the collar and felt a burst of warmth… His mother was somewhat fierce but didn’t seem to hate him.

Xie Xi met Thomas and Thomas’ eyes lit up. “I happened to be looking for help with an errand.”

Xie Xi hurriedly said, “Captain, please command me.’

Thomas smiled. “It is almost the holy day and His Majesty has prepared gifts for all the palaces. If you aren’t busy, please help.” The old king gave birth to so many children that it was troublesome to send them one by one.

This was an opportunity! Xie Xi instantly replied, “I’ll help.”

Thomas nodded, “Okay, then look at the delivery and make sure everything is the same. After the delivery, sign there on that line.” There were many princes and princesses and everyone was busy.

Xie Xi had to repeatedly go through the masses.

He took a gift and didn’t hesitate to go to the sixth prince’s palace.

How could he miss such a chance to increase the progress of the task?

Due to the job, XIe Xi received a brand new and high-tech product with a small navigator. He followed the prompts and moved forward.

Roast Pork Bun probed his thoughts. “Mom.. cough, where are we going ya?” Did he add a word at the end to act cute?

Xie Xi replied, “…To sell you.”

Roast Pork Bun, “!!!”  After a long time, he reacted. This was a quasi-world. Who could afford him? Boo hoo, Mommy is too bad QAQ!

Xie Xi’s lips curved and his chin inadvertently rubbed against this furry little fool.

Roast Pork Bun didn’t dare to scream.

The palace of the sixth prince was very depressing. No mermaids could be seen along the way and even the shrimp soldiers weren’t present. It was like a cold palace.

Xie Xi vaguely knew something…

The sixth prince had different coloured eyes and his mother died as soon as he was born. Soon afterwards, all of his mother’s family died and even the servants didn’t live long.

Over time, the entire palace shunned him. The old king had many women and children but remembered him. Later, no one mentioned the sixth prince and even the old king forgot him.

His mother was gone and his father was absent. The sixth prince’s days were miserable.

Xie Xi pitied him and started to understand the sixth prince’s strange personality.

It wasn’t easy.

Xie Xi walked in and whispered, “Your Highness…”

There was a click as something was broken. This sound was extra harsh in the dark and secluded palace.

Xie Xi saw that the sixth prince was writing.

The sixth prince was sitting upright. His long hair was untied and hung close to his side. He wore very ordinary black clothes and his cuffs hung down from his waist, revealing white skin that wasn’t thin.

He held a pen in his slender fingers and the pen had just broken.

Xie Xi bowed to him.

The sixth prince glanced at him. “What’s the matter?”

Xie Xi raised the gift over his head. “The holy day is coming. This is the gift His Majesty prepared for you.”

The sixth prince was evidently startled. He got up and walked down. “F-Father?”

Xie Xi’s heart tightened. Unexpected, this seemed like the first time the sixth prince had received a gift.

“It has been hard on you.” The sixth prince raised Xie Xi up, voice slightly hoarse. “Get up.”

Xie Xi got up and looked at him.

After seeing these eyes, he felt the prince was as pitiful as Roast Pork Bun.

The sixth prince was slightly startled. “Aren’t you… Guard Sein?”

Xie Xi smiled and said, “Sixth Prince has a good memory. You still remember the name of this subordinate.”

The sixth prince smiled at him. “Sit down and drink some tea.”

Xie Xi wanted to say no but he was suddenly stunned.

There was a change in the lower right corner.

The task progress had gone up from 8% to 12%, but the colour had changed!

The front 8% was orange while the back 4% was blue.

How come there were two colours?

The sixth prince noticed his strangeness. “Guard Sein?”

Xie Xi’s spirit returned and he barely managed to smile. “This subordinate won’t disturb Your Highness.”

The sixth prince looked calm. “Okay.”

The 4% progress dropped slightly.

Xie Xi suppressed the absurd thoughts in his heart and said, “I have to go and give gifts to the other palaces. Sixth Prince, please forgive me.”

The sixth prince’s eyes brightened. “You haven’t gone to my brothers yet?”

“Yes.” Xie Xi replied, “I came to Your Highness first.”

He watched the blue progress bar rise a bit more.

The sixth prince said, “Go quickly and don’t delay your business.”

Xie Xi bowed and departed, his body in a state of confusion.

Why were there two colours?

The orange was 8% and the blue was 4%.

What does this mean?

Xie Xi had an absurd idea…

Wasn’t the orange progress bar regarding the sixth prince? Who else could it be?

During the previous meal, the fifth prince had showed enthusiasm towards him.

No way.

Xie Xi’s heart beat like a drum. Surely it wouldn’t be so pitted?

The task clearly wrote that it was the sixth prince, right?

Roast Pork Bun felt that his mother’s mood was wrong and whispered, “Are you cold?”

The little body moved closer to him as he spoke.

Xie Xi’s spirit recovered.

If this was the case, it would be easy to test out.

He just needed to send the presents…

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...