Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Lost Atlantis 13

The mission of the special royal guards failed and the sixth prince was unscathed. The situation was very delicate.

Xie Xi tried to persuade him with words. Unfortunately, he felt his own words were very weak.

What was Sirius thinking?

Who could send out so many special guards apart from his close relatives?

The only difference was whether it was a father or a brother, but it was all the same for the sixth prince.

Xie Xi glanced at the sixth prince. “Your Highness, are we going back?”

The conspiracy had been revealed. Would Sirius return to the bottom of the sea? Did he still want to go back to the palace when he was abandoned by his family?

What should Xie Xi do if the sixth prince didn’t return? He still had his task to do!

“Go back.” The sixth prince stated.

Xie Xi looked up at him.

The sixth prince’s demeanour was different from before. His lonely and tender voice was replaced with a firm will. “Why shouldn’t we go back? It is our home and where we lived.”

Xie Xi realized that the prince in front of him had changed.

The sixth prince looked at him and said, “Sein, thank you. I won’t escape again. I won’t be cowardly and will face everything. I won’t give up on myself.”

Xie Xi was full of relief and nodded with warm eyes. “It is great that Your Highness can cheer up!”

Sirius had been silent for 19 years. He hadn’t fought for himself for 19 years. Now he finally had feelings that he wanted to guard, a person he wanted to protect no matter what…

This gave him a new life and the courage to face everything.

He didn’t want to be a disposable pawn at the mercy of others! He didn’t want to let his cherished people encounter danger!

Xie Xi opened his mouth, “The bodies have to be disposed of. I will go to the ship to see if there are any tools.”

Sirius told him, “There are storage bags in the back warehouse. We have to break these bodies back.”

The presence of the underwater people’s bodies left on the shore could cause problems.

Xie Xi nodded. “Okay, I will grab them.”

Sirius was afraid that these special guards weren’t dead and wanted to send Xie Xi away to deal with them. Thus, he nodded in agreement.

Now Xie Xi was used to his legs and it wasn’t hard to walk. It didn’t take him long to return to the ship and the moment he opened the back warehouse…

Boom!

There was a bright light. Xie Xi was stunned while Roast Pork Bun screamed in his ear, “It is explosives!”

Unfortunately, it was too late. Xie Xi’s face and body were blown to pieces.

He later realized… the ship had long been tampered with. If the special guards failed, the prince would be blown up when he returned.

The fuel used for returning was placed in the back warehouse. The sixth prince would definitely open it when going back. These explosives were specifically meant for the underwater people. Despite the sixth prince’s ability, he would definitely die.

The killer behind the scenes was really tough.

The explosion pierced Sirius’ brain like a needle. He turned his head and saw the blaze.

“Sein…” Sirius was pale and he ran at the fastest speed.

It was a pity that he was too late. The whole ship had been burned to ashes and there was only the shadow of half a person.

Sirius was dazed, his eyes empty as he failed to understand the situation in front of him.

“No, Sein, it is impossible, impossible…”

He murmured in the midst of a nightmare. A red aura emerged from his body and enveloped him like a bloody fog.

“Sein, Sein, Sein…”

His voice gradually grew louder.

“Answer me!” At his scream, the water behind him surged and a wave that was over 10 metres high crashed down.

The burning ship was extinguished but there was nothing apart from the dark wreckage and the grey smoke.

Sirius rushed up and rummaged through the burnt remains.

“Sein, Sein, where are you? Tell me! Tell me where you are!”

His screams were almost made. He seemed crazy as he looked for possibilities in a pile of impossible.

Xie Xi was indeed blown to pieces but he didn’t die.

Roast Pork Bun judged that this fatal injury’s pain level was too high and he launched the fatal injuries immunity.

Roast Pork Bun’s three lives were painless so not only was Xie Xi still alive, he wasn’t in any pain at all.

He sank to the bottom of the water, looking at the pieces of his body being put back together, his mood very complicated.

He heard Sirius’ cry and felt Sirius’ grief.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t go to see Sirius.

It was too difficult to explain why Xie Xi was still alive when he had been blown up.

The save point had disappeared after the guards were taken care of and it was impossible to load the file.

Thus, Sein Hall was dead.

Dead people couldn’t be resurrected.

Roast Pork Bun was crying as he flew over and rubbed his furry head against Sirius, clumsily comforting him.

It was a pity that Sirius couldn’t feel it. He kept digging into the mess, trying to get back his Sein Hall.

Xie Xi couldn’t bear to see anymore.

Then there was a change in the lower right corner.

On the task progress bar, the blue colour representing the sixth prince surged to 16.6666…%

Xie Xi knew this was the maximum value because the blue colour gradually became a full green.

He had seen this colour before. In the first world, there was such a green progress bar underneath the number of days he survived.

Each colour represented a different prince and turning green should represent that the prince’s love collection was full.

A while ago, Xie Xi could joke that it was a crafty escape, but now he couldn’t.

Death.

It was really cruel.

Xie Xi’s body was restored and he could move. Roast Pork Bun flew back and cried out, “Daddy, quickly go to see him. He is sad!”

Xie Xi used Camouflage and replaced his face.

Roast Pork Bun reacted. “Daddy, don’t you want him?”

Xie Xi’s heart was pierced and he sighed, “This is better for him.”

He admired Sirius and regarded him as a friend. However, Sirius’ feelings towards him were different.

Xie Xi was destined not to return these feelings so it was better to simply cut if off.

Once a person died, nothing could happen.

Time would fade everything.

Even so…

Garbage X, garbage task!

The souls didn’t have his consciousness. Silly Fork, even abusing them!

Xie Xi really wanted to beat up X!

Roast Pork Bun sensed Xie Xi’s bad mood and wondered, “We really aren’t going back? How can we return to the bottom of the sea without Sirius’ help?”

Xie Xi had a small physique. If he swam back to the bottom of the sea, it would be really cold.

Not to mention, Xie Xi didn’t know the path. If he swam back, who knew where he would swim to?

Xie Xi knew that Roast Pork Bun was still hoping for Sein Hall’s resurrection.

Nevertheless, it was impossible for Sein Hall to live again.

Xie Xi didn’t belong to this world. He came here to clear the task, not to trap himself here.

How could he get back to the undersea kingdom? He couldn’t ask Sirius for help but he had to go back in the shortest possible time.

Xie Xi’s brain worked and he had a thought. He could summon X’s body.

This skill had a cooldown time and should be available again after the last time it was used.

Xie Xi looked at his skills bar and indeed, the summoning X skill was shown to be available.

Since X could design a world under the sea, surely he wouldn’t be afraid of water?

If he was afraid of water, bad luck.

Xie Xi sneered. He couldn’t wait to push X into the water to feed the fish!

He used the skill and X appeared. X was very good in the water and didn’t look confused. He leaned over to bow and said, “Master.”

The originally angry Xie Xi saw his strange eyes and more than half of his anger disappeared.

Sirius was worthy of being his soul.

Especially the eyes…

Xie Xi thought of the poor sixth prince and felt distressed while also hating X.

Stupid Fork, a silly Fork!

After Jiang Xie was summoned, he couldn’t see the goodwill. Otherwise, he would definitely see the wonders of red and green.

The -1 and +1 flew, the red and green colours mixing together was exciting.

Xie Xi’s face was cold as he ordered, “Send me to the bottom of the sea.”

“Okay.”

Xie Xi was smart. “Do you know where the bottom of the sea is?”

Jiang Xie didn’t reveal anything. “Vertically downwards.”

Xie Xi stared at him because it was too easy to be reminded of Sirius. Then he impatiently said, “There is an underwater kingdom. Can you send me there in three minutes?” It was okay if he was sent halfway because he should be able to swim the rest of the way himself.

Jiang Xie asked, “Are any of your things there?”

Xie Xi replied, “I live there.” There were quite a few of his items.

“Okay, then I can send you to your place of residence.”

What type of skill was this? A dog nose tracker? Xie Xi was slightly surprised and thought that this X really wasn’t simple.

Jiang Xie came close to him. “I will offend you.”

Xie Xi was startled. “What…”

He hadn’t finished speaking when Jiang Xie easily lifted him up.

Xie Xi, “!”

Jiang Xie explained, “The speed is very fast and you will be uncomfortable.” Xie Xi was uncomfortable with this position but he couldn’t care too much. The speed definitely had to be fast if he wanted to arrive at the bottom of the sea in three minutes. He would probably be thrown out along the way if they were just holding hands.”

“Don’t delay the time.” Xie Xi thought of the poor sixth prince and didn’t want to show X a good face.

Jiang Xie told hi, “Don’t be stubborn. You can sleep if you can’t stand it.”

Xie Xi glared at him. “Go!” What nonsense. What was unbearable and how could he sleep?

Jiang Xie looked down at him, thin lips curving slightly.

It was too late for Xie Xi to think about the meaning of this smile. He was shocked by the sudden acceleration.

F-F-Fast!

They travelled such a long distance in only three minutes. The speed was terrible. Xie Xi had been pulling away from X’s chest and now he grabbed the clothes and directly stuck to X.

His head was almost stirred into a paste.

30 seconds later, Xie Xi understood why X had told him to go to sleep if he couldn’t stand it.

How was this sleeping? It was passing out!

That’s right. Xiao Xi felt dizzy and fainted.

It took only one minute for Jiang Xie to reach the bottom of the sea. He swaggered into the palace of Atlantis and it was like the guards were blind. They couldn’t see him at all.

Xie Xi was unconscious, his fingers still clutching X’s clothes.

Jiang Xie had resonated with his soul after coming to this quasi-world. The pain of the sixth prince lingered in his heart.

The taste of the person he liked disappearing in front of him was indescribable.

Fortunately, the person wasn’t dead and was sleeping peacefully in Jiang Xie’s arms.

The lost ecstasy was also fascinating.

Jiang Xie bowed his head and kissed Xie Xi gently on the white forehead. He was cautious and afraid of shocking Xie Xi.

“Have a good night’s sleep.” Jiang Xie made him fall into a deeper sleep.

Xie Xi’s hands relaxed, his brow slightly furrowing as his thin lips moved, “I’m sorry.”

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi’s dream reached the peak. “…Sirius, I’m sorry.”

This little guy was really gentle.

Jiang Xie stared down at the youth without blinking.

If he had met Xie Xi earlier…

No, it wasn’t too late.

Before the summoning time ended, Jiang Xie looked at the elf. “Come here.”

Roast Pork Bun didn’t know who this person was and asked cautiously, “Handsome guy, who are you?”

“Your dad.”

Roast Pork Bun, “!”

His dad couldn’t be so handsome. Oh, his dad was really handsome!

“What is it?” Roast Pork Bun approached.

Jiang Xie started patting his small back.

This action was extremely light, as if he was playing around. Roast Pork Bun felt the slapping of the hand and meowed like crazy.

Ahhhhhhhhh…

The kitten’s screams were blocked by Jiang Xie and he was moved away so that he wouldn’t wake Xie Xi.

Roast Pork Bun thought his life was ending. Who knew that after 10 seconds, he would feel power surging in his body.

What was going on?

Jiang Xie told him, “Wait for Xie Xi to wake up and then ask him for some physical potions. If you drink them, you can evolve.”

The small cat blinked.

He wanted to ask again but the handsome dad who almost killed him had disappeared.

Xie Xi slept and after waking up, he couldn’t figure out where he was…

Oh, he summoned X and asked to be sent back to the bottom of the sea.

Then… he was knocked unconscious by the speed.

He was really useless. Xie Xi wanted to return to the Central World. After completing three tasks, he could improve his basic qualities!

He was back at the bottom of the sea and the hard battle was just beginning.

Sein Hall was dead.

There was still the fifth prince remaining.

Thanks to the sixth prince, Xie Xi discovered that he couldn’t focus on a single prince. He must equally collect the love of all six princes.

There was also the side mission. Oh, the side mission could die. He just wanted to get out of here!

Roast Pork Bun was buzzing like a fly. “Daddy, Daddy, I’m so hungry!”

Xie Xi froze and looked at him. “What’s the matter?”

The kitten spread its wings and twirled around. “Hungry, hungry, hungry, hungry!”

Xie Xi showed dislike on the surface but he actually very very pained. He panicked at this sudden situation. “Why are you suddenly hungry?”

The kitten had never eaten anything before.

Roast Pork Bun actually felt thirsty and hungry and made tearful eyes. “I’m so uncomfortable. Daddy, I’m uncomfortable.”

Xie Xi anxiously asked it, “What can you eat? Tell me, I’ll get it for you.”

Roast Pork Bun remembered the words of the handsome guy and replied, “Physical medicine, I can eat physical medicine.”

This time, Xie Xi had brought physical medicine with him. This potion level was very low but the effect was okay. Since items could be stacked up, he brought many bottles with him.

Xie Xi quickly took it out and fed it to Roast Pork Bun.

The kitten hugged the physical medicine and drank, the liquid overflowing from his mouth.

Xie Xi told him, “Slow down, don’t choke.”

Roast Pork Bun still felt thirsty after a bottle. Xie Xi hurriedly gave him a few more bottles.

After drinking a full six bottles, Roast Pork Bun finally calmed down.

Xie Xi’s forehead was sweaty. “Is it better?”

Roast Pork Bun flashed gold and a hint appeared in the lower right corner.

[Congratulations, the elf Roast Pork Bun has evolved to the beginner level and activated the skill: Dreaming.]

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...