Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 11 Boundaries 4

This position really couldn’t be seen.

The two people were wet and their bodies were attached to each other. It would be strange if Jiang Xie kissed the other person.

Outside the moment, Xie Xi couldn’t help rubbing his temple. Such an obvious setup, Jiang Xie was really deceiving himself.

Of course, the two people didn’t kiss. Xie Xi had deliberately done this action to make the heart of the teenager in front of him jump. If he kissed the teenager, it would be overdoing it and wasn’t in line with the current progress.

Jiang Xie got up in a hurry. “I’m sorry.”

Xie Xi was ashamed. “I didn’t pay attention and dragged you down…” Then he asked, “You weren’t hurt by the fall?”

Jiang Xie naturally wasn’t hurt. His whole body was pressed against Xie Xi and only his knee touched the ground.

He belatedly asked, “Are you okay? I was pressing against you.”

Xie Xi took a light breath. “I’m fine.” However, he couldn’t stand up.

Jiang Xie’s heart shook and he went to help this person. “Is it painful?” The floor was very hard and he fell down like that. Xie Xi pressed underneath him would definitely be uncomfortable.

Xie Xi grabbed Jiang Xie’s hand and struggled to stand up with a bitter smile. “Once you get older, your body isn’t as fit.”

He was in his prime and only a bit older than Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie disagreed. “You are so young.”

Xie Xi released this person and rubbed his waist. “How old do you think I am?”

Jiang Xie replied softly, “In your early 20s?”

Xie Xi smiled. “I’m 11 years older than you.”

Jiang Xie was surprised for a moment.

Xie Xi blinked. “I’m an uncle right?”

Jiang Xie stared. The person in front of him had black hair that was messy because of the water. His white face was covered with water and his beautiful eyes were full of smiles. The beautiful lips were light because of the cold and people couldn’t help…

Jiang Xie’s heart thumped and he shifted his line of sight. “28 is the best age…” He bluntly shifted the topic. “Go and change clothes or you will catch a cold.”

“You too. You’re soaking wet.”

“I…”

“Let’s go.” Xie Xi held his hand. “It won’t be good if you are seen like this.”

Jiang Hong was really important to the Jiang family or else Jiang Xie wouldn’t dress like this to support her. It would be a disaster if he was seen this way.

Xie Xi was quite familiar with this place. He bypassed the service staff and took Jiang Xie to an empty room.

Xie Xi took out his phone and found that he could still use it. He hurriedly made a phone call to his assistant. Jiang Xie’s phone was more uncooperative. There was only a black screen after he took it from his bag.

Xie Xi asked, “Do you remember your assistant’s number?”

Jiang Xie naturally remembered it and Xie Xi lent his mobile phone. Unexpectedly, this phone also had a limit. It barely managed the previous call and died.

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi smiled. “It’s fine. Wait for Xiao Liu to come over and I’ll ask him to go and talk with your driver.”

Jiang Xie shook his head. “No, I’ll go back myself.” The diver who came with him today didn’t know the secret so it wasn’t very convenient.

Xie Xi thought about it and suggested, “I’ll send you back.”

Jiang Xie didn’t refuse and said, “I will trouble you.”

Xie Xi shook his head. “If it wasn’t for your help tonight, I don’t know how long I would be in the water.”

“I didn’t Mr. Xie to not be able to swim.”

“As a child, I fell into the water. Since then, I have been a bit afraid of water.”

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi smiled at him. “Really, thank you for just now.”

Jiang Xie told him, “Don’t be afraid. If you have the chance, you should learn how to swim.”

Xie Xi sighed, “Yes, if I fall again and there is no Miss Jiang…” He paused and changed his words. “Maybe no one will save me.”

Jiang Xie’s heart was hot as he said, “You can call me by my name.”

“Xiao Xie.” (Remember,Xiao = little/small)

Jiang Xie was obviously stunned and the tip of his ears were red. “Yes.”

At this time, Xie Xi’s assistant hurried over with clean clothing. Xie Xi pushed Jiang Xie into the inner warm, causing Jiang Xie’s heart to warm. Xie Xi took the clothes and told his assistant, “Bring over one more.”

The assistant didn’t ask much and left.

Xie Xi returned to Jiang Xie and said, “You should put on my clothes first.”

“I will wait. You change first.”

Xie Xi shivered and said, “Then I will change first.”

Jiang Xie said this but he didn’t expect Xie Xi to took off his suit jacket. The soaked shirt was completely attached to the body, showing the perfect lines.

His fingers were long and white, bringing out an unspeakable s*xiness when he untied his tight neckline.

In fact, these movements were very ordinary and there wasn’t a hint of any meaning behind it. Still, Jiang Xie couldn’t help his heart becoming hot.

Xie Xi outside the memories saw it. ‘Young man, you are too easy to provoke!’

Once all the buttons were untied and Xie Xi took off his shirt, Jiang Xie directly escaped. “I… will go to the bathroom.”

Xie Xi’s lips slightly curved but his tone was calm. “Okay, go wash your face.”

By the time Jiang Xie came out, Xie Xi had finished changing clothes. His hair was still messy but this didn’t lower his face value. Instead, it got rid of some of the mature and elite worker temperament, making him more youthful.

Jiang Xie looked slightly dazed.

Xie Xi told him, “Your clothes are here. Change quickly.”

Jiang Xie took the clothes and went inside. It wasn’t until the closed the door and started to change clothes that he woke up. Why should he avoid Xie Xi? They were both men and what was the big deal about changing face to face?

Unfortunately, he already went in and it was too strange to go out again.

Jiang Xie faintly felt a bit uneasy, as if there was a secret hidden inside his heart that he didn’t dare face up to.

He changed clothes and came out, causing Xie Xi’s eyes to lit up. “It fits just right.”

The two men had an 11 year age difference but Jiang Xie was around the same size as Xie Xi, causing his clothes to fit well.

Jiang Xie saw the light in the other person’s eyes and his heart thumped.

Xie Xi smiled. “You are only 17 years old yet you’re so tall. After two years, you will be half a head taller than me.”

“Mr. Xie has a good height.”

Xie Xi shook his head. “No, if your sister wears high heels then I wouldn’t dare stand beside her.”

Jiang Xie smiled. “My sister is very tall.” The 1.8 metres tall woman could be a model.

Xie Xi told him, “Your family has good blood. Both brother and sister are tall and look good.”

This was easy to say but it was actually boasting at the disguised Jiang Xie was good-looking.

The 17 year old boy heard this and there was a bang in his heart.

Xie Xi sent Jiang Xie home and as they separated, Xie Xi said, “I have arranged for someone to clean your wet clothes. Wait for me to contact you.”

Jiang Xie wanted to say it didn’t matter since those clothes were originally disposable but…

Xie Xi spoke what he was thinking. “Give me a contact method?”

“Good.”

The pair swapped numbers and added each other as friends on the social network software.

Then Xie Xi left.

The perspective of the memories was fixed on Jiang Xie.

This evening’s ‘accident’ had an enormous impact on Jiang Xie. He stared at the newly added number in his phone and easily made note of it.

Xie Xi’s circle of friends was very dull and rigid. There was no personal information but Jiang Xie looked on with relish for half an hour.

The Xie Xi outside the memory was speechless and found it funny. Based on this, he could basically guess 70~80% of what happened.

Xie Xi clearly deliberately approached Jiang Xie. It could be seen from this chance encounter. After all, how could there be so many coincidences?

As for what Xie Xi was plotting, it was easy to guess as long as he combined it with Jiang Xie’s ‘despicable.’

He was likely trying to steal the Jiang family’s important resources. The young Jiang Xie knew he had been cheated and was filled with hate, retaliating against Xie Xi.

Xie Xi guessed most of it but he still had to keep watching. He needed to scrutinize many details and work hard to find a method of breakthrough, checking if there was a possibility of whitewashing himself. He quickly entered the memories and watched as Jiang Xie completely fell.

After the drowning incident, Xie Xi didn’t immediately contact Jiang Xie and waited a week.

During this time, Jiang Xie was very stable. He did everything well and became more familiar with the operation of the company.

However, during the quiet night, he would pick up the phone and stare at Xie Xi’s number.

On the weekend, Xie Xi finally sent him a voice message. “Are you free tomorrow?”

Jiang Xie’s joy illuminated the entire memory segment.

Xie Xi smiled at the sight, heart as sweet as honey.

Jiang Xie replied in a reserved manner, “Is there something?” In fact, his hands were shaking as he typed.

“Do you want to watch the ball? I have two tickets.”

Jiang Xie immediately thought, “Baseball?”

Xie Xi replied, “Yes.”

Jiang Xie loved to play baseball. “I didn’t expect Mr. Xie to also like baseball.”

Xie Xi laughed. “I am a sports idiot. I can’t play and can only watch.”

Jiang Xie liked his laughter and couldn’t help listening to the voice message again.

Xie Xi didn’t wait for his reply and said, “If you have no time then forget it.”

Jiang Xie could only say, “I’m free.”

“Then it’s settled. I’ll pick you up.”

Jiang Xie refused. “No, I’ll go on my own.” In fact, he wanted Xie Xi to pick him up but he was afraid that this would be known to his sister. He didn’t want to let his sister know that he and Xie Xi knew each other. He was probably afraid that his sister would see through his thoughts.

The thoughts might be small but he was afraid to admit them at this moment.

The two people met at the stadium and Jiang Xie saw Xie Xi in casual clothing.

Previously, they met at the parties. Don’t mention Jiang Xie’s female clothing, Xie Xi was also wearing a neat suit. He was handsome but gave off a sense of distance. This was far from his present appearance in a simple t-shirt and pants. Once he looked up, he revealed a white face that seemed younger than Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie’s heart accelerated.

Xie Xi greeted him and joked, “It is really amazing. You are a beautiful woman with makeup and a handsome young man without makeup.

Jiang Xie, “…”

Jiang Xie was Jiang Xie after all. His heart was beating quickly but he still dared to say, “It is amazing. Mr. Xie changed out of a suit and looks two years younger than me.”

Xie Xi’s eyes slightly widened. “Two years younger than you? Does that mean I only look 15 or 16?”

“Almost.”

Xie Xi’s eyes curved. “How cheeky.”

Jiang Xie’s heart jumped to his throat but he was stable. ‘If we stand together, other people will think I’m your older brother.”

Xie Xi’s smile deepened. “Then Brother Xiao Xie, it is time to enter.”

Jiang Xie, “…” In the end, it was a defeat since he couldn’t answer!

If someone wanted to ask Jiang Xie what happened in the game, they could only ask the people around him.

He tried to restrain himself but Xie Xi was like a strong glue. Jiang Xie’s line of sight was fixed to him and couldn’t move. Xie Xi clearly knew it but pretended to be unaware.

The two men finished watching the ball game and had dinner together. Xie Xi ordered wine and asked Jiang Xie, “Will you have some?”

“Yes.”

Xie Xi laughed. “No, minors aren’t allowed to drink.”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi poured himself a glass of wine and asked Jiang Xie, “Do you have a driver’s license?” A driver’s license could be obtained at the age of 16.

“Yes.”

“That’s good. I will drink and you can drive me back.”

Xie Xi didn’t let a driver follow him but drove himself. Jiang Xie naturally had no opinion. “Okay, you drink.”

Xie Xi drank the bottle of red wine. He was used to fighting this battle for a long time and the wine didn’t affect him. He was only slightly tipsy.

On the way back, Jiang Xie drove while Xie Xi sat in the passenger’s seat and unexpectedly fell asleep.

Jiang Xie steadily stopped the car and turned to see this person’s sleeping face.

Soft lights, a white face and lips that were bloodstained because of the alcohol. Jiang Xie observed and found that he kissed this person by the time his senses returned.

At this time, Xie Xi let out a light sound.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...