Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Lost Atlantis 21

Xie Xi couldn’t figure out what fairytale the third prince was thinking about.

Atlantis was originally on land so there were many land-based ancient legends.

The third prince was born into the royal family and his education was more comprehensive than ordinary mermaids. He was exposed to a lot of knowledge about the land, including various fairytales.

Xie Xi was on the short, dangling in the air from the second prince’s claws.

He didn’t have the normal burning sensation of mermaids on land. In the third prince’s dream, he was a land person instead of a mermaid.

There was no burning sensation but the wind was so strong that he could barely open his eyes.

Roast Pork Bun was excited. “Third prince is the hero coming to save the beauty!”

Xie Xi felt his brain hurt. This was a really embarrassing dream.

There was a burst of sound and the third prince dressed as a knife jumped down from the heights, falling steadily onto the dragon’s back.

“Let Prince Colin go!”

He shouted in a serious manner while Xie Xi was numb. If he wasn’t being held by the dragon then he would fall and turn into meatloaf!

Outside the dream, he was the small follower of the third prince. In the dream, he became Prince Colin.

So many plays were really worthy of the soul of a big designer!

Xie Xi couldn’t see the scene of Knight Gars fighting the dragon but they fought very fiercely. He was shaken around, his head stirred up and he almost passed out.

Fortunately, this was the third prince’s dream so the third prince was bound to save ‘Prince Colin.’

Eventually, the second prince declared in a cruel voice, “I will come back!”

The dragon’s claws loosened and Xie Xi fell. This sense of weightlessness made him feel cold and he suspected that he would die in the third prince’s dream! Fortunately, the third prince didn’t want him dead.

He gave up chasing the dragon, shot straight towards the ground and hugged Xie Xi just as he was about to hit the earth.

The two men clung together and rolled on the grass for several laps before stopping. Xie Xi was miraculously unhurt. His skin didn’t even receive a scratch.

The third prince was in a much worse state. In order to protect Xie Xi, his arms had been rubbing against the ground and it was completely bloody.

Xie Xi hurriedly asked, “Are you okay?”

The third prince stood up with Xie Xi in his arms. “I’m fine. Your Highness, are you hurt?”

This way of calling him made Xie Xi feel very uncomfortable and he was astonished for a moment.

The third prince thought he was afraid of blood and put down his arm. “I am competent and failed to catch the dragon.”

Xie Xi had to cooperate with him. “If you didn’t save me, I would’ve already been taken away by the dragon.” You missed it because the evil dragon was cunning and threw me down. I know that you let it go because you were trying to save me.”

Once he said this, Xie Xi saw that the red progress bar had risen to 15%.

Oh my god, so easy to coax!

Xie Xi wanted to laugh out loud.

The third prince steadied him “I let Your Highness feel fear.”

Xie Xi was in a good mood and happily accompanied him in the dream. He looked at the third prince’s arm and said, “I will help take care of your wound.”

“There is no need.” The third prince didn’t want Xie Xi to look at the blood arms.

Xie Xi told him, “You risked your life for me. How can I leave you alone?”

Then he pulled the arm of the third prince. The third prince was tough outside and it was the same in the dream. His brow didn’t wrinkle, as if he didn’t feel the injury.

Xie Xi wondered, “How did you hurt yourself so badly?” He said as he carefully placed sticky weeds on the arm and tried to clean it up.

He was so focused that he naturally couldn’t see the expression o the third prince.

Fortunately, there was the Roast Pork Bun broadcast. “Oh, the third prince is blushing.”

Xie Xi laughed in his heart.

Roast Pork Bun said again, “Daddy, whenever you blow on it, his eyelashes tremble. He seems very ticklish.”

The pain became a tickle, this truly was a dream.

Xie Xi dealt with the wound while thinking about how the third prince’s arm was really bruised in reality. Could it be that he fell asleep with a hurt arm, so he dreamt that his arm was hurt?

It was really possible. Xie Xi felt funny and strange at the thought and handled the prince more carefully.

Then the sound of horseshoes was heard in the distance. The third prince said, “Your guards have arrived.”

Xie Xi thought, ‘It is true. The guards are always late.’

Next, the news about the warrior repelling the dragon and saving the prince spread throughout the kingdom. As they rode high horses and stepped into the capital, the roads were full of people clapping.

Xie Xi observed them and found that the people weren’t featureless. They were all distinct and different.

The third prince wasn’t an artist like the fifth prince but the dream was so real. It seemed they were all influenced by X.

This was great. It was no wonder why he could design real worlds.

The people chanted the name of the empire and the warrior, as the third prince and Xie Xi moved in front of them like newlyweds…

Xie Xi had a bad feeling.

What happened when a warrior saved a princess in a fairytale? Didn’t they get married?

Xie Xi felt that his guess was completely correct.

They entered the palace. Perhaps the third prince didn’t know what the palaces on land were like. He completely copied the underwater palace and even the appearance of the old king.

Yes, he placed his father as his father-in-law and surely wouldn’t suffer.

The old king met the warrior Gars and showered him with praise. He basically used all the praise words possible.

The third prince was very humble and reserved. He didn’t need praise and was just doing his job.

Unfortunately, this was his dream. Everything the old king said was what he was really thinking…

Xie Xi desperately tried to hold back his laugh.

The old king went around for a while before finally getting to the key point. “Gars, you’ve made such great achievements. What rewards do you want? Just tell me!”

The third prince glanced at Xie Xi. Xie Xi was afraid of laughing and bit his lower lip, trying not to look at the prince.

The third prince whispered, “I don’t need any rewards. I am already satisfied with saving His Highness.”

The old king was a competent NPC and patted him on the shoulder. “You are so heroic and excellent. You aren’t greedy despite your power. I appreciate this and have decided to give Prince Colin to you!”

Xie Xi stumbled and nearly fell.

It might be a dream but this was too crazy! He could understand marrying the princess but marrying the prince… what was in this old king’s head?

Unexpected, the third prince was still reserved. “How can this be done? I am a commoner with no merits. How can I be worthy of His Highness…”

The old king told him, “If it wasn’t for you, my only son would’ve been taken away by the evil dragon. You saved him and you are the great benefactor of our country!”

His own son… married off…

Third prince, the logic of your dream is too rough!

The third prince was still polite. “Marriage is still a matter of mutual willingness.” He glanced at Xie Xi and asked, “Prince Colin, are you willing?”

Xie Xi was unwilling! He didn’t want to get married!

The third prince was prepared in his dream. He was afraid that Xie Xi wouldn’t say it because he was shy. Thus, the dream arranged a servant who showed Xie Xi’s heart. “His Highness has long been enamoured with you! You saved his life, regardless of the risk to your own life. He only has you in his heart for a long time!”

Xie Xi, “…” Okay, let’s save his goosebumps.

The dream of the third prince was very stable and there weren’t many troubles. The old king had no logic and gave his son to an unknown person!

Xie Xi was too lazy to care. This was a dream and it depended on the dreamer.

This side ordered a marriage and started to prepare for the wedding. Xie Xi looked at this cheap father and wondered if he had a grudge against Xie Xi. Why was he in such a hurry to marry off his son? He was more anxious than the third prince!

The third prince perfectly implemented his plan and wasn’t in a hurry. He waited for people to ‘beg’ him to get married.

It was a pity that this was his dream. Xie Xi couldn’t help wanted to laugh as everyone moved fast.

Let’s pretend and see what would happen.

Time in the dream flashed and a few days passed.

For Xie Xi, this was in the blink of an eye and he didn’t feel anything.

He found himself in a garden pavilion, slowly drinking tea. His attendant ran in the distance and panted out, “Your Highness, Mr. Gars is passing by the garden. You haven’t slept for a few days while thinking about him. Quickly go to see him!”

Xie Xi, “…” Who was thinking about him for a few days?

The servant said, “Your Highness, Mr. Gars cares about your reputation and won’t see you in advance. However, you are already engaged and should do whatever you want. Why bother to wrong each other? Hurry and see him. I am sure he also misses you!”

Xie Xi wanted to laugh so hard that he almost cried. He was amused to death by the dream of the third prince.

He just got up when the third prince ‘passed by’. The attendant shouted, “Mr. Gars, High Highness has been waiting for you!”

The third prince quickly walked over. His steps were steady and his voice very calm, but his eyes were hot. “It is very windy outside. Are you cold?”

Xie Xi shook his head, wanting to say that it wasn’t cold. Then he felt an evil gust of wind and couldn’t help sneezing.

The third prince stepped forward and held Xie Xi in his arms. “By all accounts, we haven’t got married yet and this is very rude. However, the weather is too cold. I can only temporarily wrong you.”

Then he held Xie Xi a bit tighter.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...