Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Extra 3

Only Jiang Xie and Xie Xi went to repair N’s collapsed quasi-world.

The male gods split up to clear the quasi-worlds Jiang Xie and Xie Xi designed, one by one scrambling like they were collecting stamps to see who could clear more.

Yan Zhe couldn’t act alone and Nan Yi sincerely invited him, but he teamed up with General Qin in order to be less angry.

Later, he was half dead because of this piece of wood.

The designers could also participate in repairing the collapsed world, which meant they could invite N.

However, Jiang Xie didn’t allow it.

His words were straightforward and arrogant. “It is a world of two people. Why do you want a third party?”

Xie Xi also didn’t want to invite N. After all, they weren’t familiar with each other.

In addition, he barely acted alone with the complete Jiang Xie so he was looking forward to it.

“We are going to do the task. You have to do it seriously!” Xie Xi stared at Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie was happy. “I am serious as long as there is no one else.”

Xie Xi really believed in his evil!

For their repair mission, both of them were very relaxed and had no psychological burden.

It was necessary to repair and try to change it from a collapsed world to a complete quasi-world but if they failed, it could be repeated and no one would die.

What’s more, Jiang Xie was already at the peak. If it couldn’t be repaired then he could directly kill and change it to an erasure task.

For an erasure task, Jiang Xie was too familiar and there was no suspense.

Before entering the quasi-world, Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie, “N only successfully designed an F-grade quasi-world. Why is the level so high after the collapse?”

Xie Xi remembered Jiang Xie mentioning that he took a lot of tasks to erase N’s quasi-worlds.

Jiang Xie replied, “Because he wants to be better.”

“Huh?”

“He only has the ability to design F-grade quasi0worlds but he keeps trying to design S-grade quasi-worlds, investing a lot of effort and resources only to finally fail. However, the ‘things’ are still there and are waiting to be cleaned up, so the level is very high.”

Xie Xi understood.

N’s quasi-worlds collapsed because he wanted to design something more advanced.

It was like someone wanting to build a building only for it to finally fail. However, building materials such as reinforced concrete bricks were used and more than half had been used in the building. It wasn’t’ difficult to relocate these used materials.

Therefore, the level of the erasure tasks released would increase a lot.

Xie Xi pressed the button to accept the task.

He was a bit nervous. After all, in a sense, this was the first time he and Jiang Xie were really doing a task.

The open world counted but Jiang Xie had no brains, oh he lost his memory, and forgot everything.

This time was different. Jiang Xie was the complete Jiang Xie and he wasn’t lacking anything.

This was their first trip and it was a bit like a honeymoon after many years of marriage.

Xie Xi entered the quasi-world with such feelings and then…

What honeymoon? Who would honeymoon in such a terrible place?

Xie Xi opened his eyes and found himself in a dark prison.

It was gloomy and damp, with dead air everywhere. The iron windows were dark and cold rushed in like there were endless ice and rain outside.

Xie Xi shuddered and saw the information panel.

[Game Name: The Collapsed Girl.

Game Summary: The girl’s mother died giving birth to her and her father committed a felony and was confined in the island prison. The girl and her grandmother live together and life is difficult. Even worse, the grandmother’s mental state is unstable and she often goes crazy and hurts people. The girl didn’t leave and stays at home to care for his grandmother while looking forward to the release of her father…

Main Task: Repair the collapsed girl.

Side Mission: None

Number of Loads: None.

Carried items: Golden item box with nine grids.

Back in Central, Xie Xi’s god’s wisdom returned to the beginner’s version without the omnipotence of before.

Of course, his skills, items and kitten were back.

Now that they were in the quasi-world, Xie Xi pulled out Roast Pork Bun.

The kitten plunged into his arms.

Xie Xi held him and felt that the prison wasn’t as gloomy anymore. He told the kitten. “Go look for Jiang Xie. See where he is.”

Roast Pork Bun immediately replied, “Received!”

He used the cat’s paw to make a salute, causing Xie Xi to smile and poke him. “Don’t go too far. If you can’t find him then come back.”

“Yes!” Then Roast Pork Bun flew away on small wings.

Then there was the sound of footsteps. The door pushed open and a fat man in a police uniform dropped his police cap. “Fu*k…”

He was just cursing when he saw Xie Xi. He picked up the hat and immediately saluted. “Sir!”

Xie Xi, “…”

Yes, Xie Xi might be in a prison but he was a prison guard and it wasn’t a low ranking position.

The fat man said, “I didn’t expect you to be here and was rude.”

“It’s fine.” He stood up, black shoes stepping on the ground and making a small sound.

The fat prison guard seemed very afraid of him. The guard tried to straighten his body while his forehead was already sweating.

Xie Xi found that he was holding a whip in his hand.

Why did he fell weird…

If it wasn’t for the fact that this was N’s quasi-world, Xie Xi would think that the souls were playing again.

The fat prison guard glanced at his whip before staring straight ahead, looking like he was going to cry. “S-Sir, I’m not lazy. It is that madman, the madman…”

At this time, the kitten flew back. He was invisible in the quasi-world and even his voice couldn’t be heard.

Roast Pork Bun said, “I found Father. He is locked in a cage.”

Xie Xi wasn’t too surprised.

In the prison, he was a prison guard and Jiang Xie was a prisoner. This was a routine operation.

Xie Xi told the fat prison guard, “Take me to see.”

The fat guard instantly replied, “Okay!”

They walked out of the gloomy room.

It might be an office but it was almost the same as a cage, with the same damp walls and iron doors.

The only difference was that the prison guards could leave the cage while the prisoners couldn’t.

Xie Xi walked and everyone who saw him straightened, afraid to look at him. It was as if he was a cruel tyrant.

Xie Xi’s mind was on the game summary and he felt that one of the clues should be to find the girl’s father.

Perhaps he needed to save her father?

He had a lot of thoughts in his mind and he would slowly discuss it after meeting Jiang Xie.

He came to a sturdy iron door when Roast Pork Bun cried out, “Father is in there!”

Xie Xi ordered, “Open the door.”

The fat prison guard showed an expression of horror. “I just gave the madman medicine. If it is opened now then he might continue to go mad…’

Oh, the madman was Jiang Xie…

Xie Xi ordered coldly, “Open the door.”

This was his order. The prison guard was a bit baffled but he still did it.

The iron door that had several reinforced layers was opened and Xie Xi saw the man sitting in a corner against the wall.

His left leg was propped up, his arm was on his knees and his right leg was idle. His casual posture didn’t look like he was chained up.

Xie Xi stared at him and the other person also looked up, different coloured eyes in the dark night giving off a strange charm.

The guard immediately said, “Sir, please be careful. This person is mad…”

Xie Xi tried not to smile but there was a small smile in his eyes.

In the team channel, Jiang Xie asked: Is the prison boss so beautiful?”

Xie Xi: Is the prisoner so confused?

Jiang Xie: I see the prison boss likes it.”

Then he raised his eyebrows.

Xie Xi wanted to laugh when talking to him but he said: Be serious, what is your situation?”

Jiang Xie shared the mission with him and it was generally no different from Xie Xi’s mission.

Xie Xi asked: You aren’t that girl’s father, are you?

Jiang Xie: How is that possible? My partner is a man and can’t give birth to children.

Xie Xi: Get lost!

At this time, a prison guard spoke up. “Sir, don’t stimulate  him…”

Xie Xi ordered, “You all go out.”

He had to find a way to escape with Jiang Xie and it was best to check the girl’s father.

The prison guards hesitated, eyes full of panic.

Xie Xi gave them a look. The prison guards were all afraid of Xie Xi so they obediently went out.

People were gone but there was still monitoring. Xie Xi didn’t rush towards Jiang Xie and just examined him.

His wrists and ankles were bound by heavy chains. An ordinary person tied up like this probably won’t be able to stand up.

Xie Xi asked in the team channel: How to get out?

Jiang Xie: How do you want to get out?

Xie Xi thought about a few options, his brain circuits fixed on how to escape.

However, Jiang Xie…

He smiled and said: I’m asking if you want to be taken out while held by me or…”

The next moment, the chains binding him were broken like soft noodles. He stood up on tall legs. He stood in the shadows and stared at the beautiful warden in black uniform.

Xie Xi, “……”

Jiang Xie pulled Xie Xi into his arms, eyes falling on the neck. “People who look good can really wear anything.” The tight neckline was perfect for the slender neck and gave off an aloof temptation.

Xie Xi didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. “Be serious!”

Jiang Xie was about to open his mouth when the iron door opened. The prison guards outside saw the situation and immediately shouted, “X is going crazy! Kill him!”

There was the sound of a loud bullet from behind Xie Xi.

Xie Xi didn’t have time to take out a different space shield when Jiang Xie already protected him, blocking the bullets.

Xie Xi’s pupils shrank.

Jiang Xie comforted him. “Don’t be afraid, this type of weapon can’t hurt me.”

Xie Xi thought of the god level full qualifications and was relieved.

Who knew that Jiang Xie would smile and say, “However, I have a problem with this character. Once attacked, I will go crazy.”

The startled Xie Xi asked him, “What will happen if you go crazy?”

“You’ll know immediately.”

Then…

It was as if a nuclear bomb exploded. The island prison was razed to the ground.

Xie Xi stood on the empty sea and was stunned.

Jiang Xie told him, “The role is set like this. Once I go crazy, I will involuntarily release my power.”

The consequence of releasing his power was… the enter island disappeared into thin air.

There was a big hole at their feet and seawater was rushing in, forming a deep blue vortex.

Xie Xi stared at the other person for a long time. “We are here to repair the quasi-world.”

Jiang Xie was quite aggrieved. “I have been very restrained.”

If he wasn’t restrained then the task would be over. It wasn’t completing the repair task but… the erasure task.

Xie Xi’s brain started hurting!

He suddenly understood God Yan’s troubles who said it was too boring when working with Jiang Xie on a task.

It was indeed… no fun at all!

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...