Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 11 Boundaries 8

Outside the memory, Xie Xi had a red face. W-What was this?

H-How could he say such a thing? In addition, he spoke it without turning red or his heart jumping!

In the memory, Jiang Xie pushed Xie Xi away, a monstrous anger brewing in his eyes. “You will only use these dirty means!”

Xie Xi still wasn’t angry and his calm voice was filled with a bit of tenderness. “What have you painstakingly done all of this for?”

Jiang Xie gritted his teeth.

Xie Xi smiled lightly. “Isn’t it just to be with me…”

He hadn’t managed to say the seductive words when Jiang Xie interrupted. “Enough.”

An unspeakable absurd feeling hit his chest and Jiang Xie experienced a greater insult.

Xie Xi completely denied that one year, completely shredding the remaining beauty in Jiang Xie’s heart and thoroughly leaving no hope behind for Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi clearly told Jiang Xie: This is who I am, a person who will use any means to benefit. Everything can be calculated. Even my body can be a bargaining chip.

Seeing this, the external Xie Xi calmed down.

Looking at this memory from the perspective of a bystander, it was obvious that something was wrong.

Xie Xi was angering Jiang Xie.

Calling him to this office and speaking such heartless and even indifferent words was undoubtedly to anger Jiang Xie.

If Xie Xi really wanted Jiang Xie to let him go then he should never say such things.

Xie Xi had a very high EQ and could easily play people. How could such a person not know what Jiang Xie wanted?

Xie Xi said this on purpose to pour oil on the fire and make Jiang Xie angrier. This wasn’t advantageous for him. Such an exaggerated move was tantamount to self-destruction.

He smashed Jiang Xie’s last remaining good feelings towards him and insulted the beautiful past.

He broke his own path and pushed himself to the edge of a cliff. It was just like this floor to ceiling window had no glass and he would step out into the bloody sunset.

He yearned for death.

The external Xie Xi trembled after getting this message.

In fact, Xie Xi and the person in the summary had different personalities. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say they were two different people.

This was nothing. After all, this Xie Xi wasn’t clear to Taurus.

It was because the main soul came to this world and Taurus intercepted certain memories of Xie Xi, fantasizing about him.

In Jiang Xie’s memories… there were quite a lot of bad parts.

For example, in Atlantis, Xie Xi agreed to the proposal of five people in one breath. In the Holy Mountain and Demon Sea, he was a flirty rose who attracted many bees. Even in the collapsed world, the rational Xie Xi didn’t understand love.

These pieces connected together and became sugar that Jiang Xie didn’t know if he should laugh or cry out.

However, once separated, the pieces were like a living knife.

According to the principles of the collapsing worlds, the souls would definitely prefer to accept more negative emotions. It wasn’t surprising that they would fantasize about this type of Xie Xi.

After all, the frequency of stepping on N boats was quite high.

The N boats might be stably stepped on but it wasn’t easy to play with the hearts of people.

The previous Xie Xi might’ve only thought up to here after seeing the summary.

Now Xie Xi’s understanding of Jiang Xie was deeper and he saw some details that could be easily overlooked.

This Xie Xi was weary to his bones.

The layout of this office was very metaphorical. The attitude he showed made it look as if everything was well-conceived and he could turn things over even at this point.

Thinking about it… Xie Xi was more likely to push himself step by step to the brink.

Xie Xi was imagined by Taurus so he represented some of Jiang Xie’s ideological tendencies.

Jiang Xie’s world-weariness, the real Xie Xi had long been aware of it.

Jiang Xie didn’t have such tendencies now but before they met, Jiang Xie had been deeply sunk in it.

Don’t mention anything else. The self-destructive method of designing quasi-worlds was very telling.

Xie Xi faintly found the direction to repair this small world. It was probably connected to Taurus’ heart knot.

The summary seemed to be a dead end in every direction but in fact, there were many ways for Xie Xi to whitewash himself.

The collapsed world might be full of malice but the souls themselves wanted to be saved.

Therefore, he left a trace of himself behind, even in this dead end.

Xie Xi could pretend to lose his memories, could pretend that everything he did was a last resort or even give himself cancer…

However, this wouldn’t open up Taurus’ heart knot.

Xie Xi took a deep breath and thought the idea over in his head.

There was nothing to see in the memories afterwards.

Jiang Xie annexed Chengyu and became the new owner of the building. However, he left the top office to Xie Xi. It had a strong feeling of revenge and irony.

Rather than Jiang Xie imprisoning Xie Xi here, it was better to say that Xie Xi himself didn’t want to leave.

Jiang Xie was immersed in self-contradiction all the time. He decided that Xie Xi didn’t leave in order to please Jiang Xie and find a way to turn things around, but he couldn’t let go.

He didn’t give Xie Xi any good face but he couldn’t help wanting to see Xie Xi.

It was very painful to fall in love with a scum. The even more painful thing was not being able to stop despite knowing this person was a scum.

This was the greatest sorrow of love.

Xie Xi was now going to play a scum. If he really wanted the wound to heal, he had to squeeze out the pus. Pain was inevitable but once it was over, it would no longer ache in the future.

Once Xie Xi tidied everything up, the sky was dark. With these memories, the mood in his heart was completely different as he gazed at the floor to ceiling windows.

The sunset was beautiful but it was about to fall. A new sun would rise tomorrow but it wouldn’t be the same as yesterday. If a day was a life, the sunset was already at the end of the road.

Around 7 o’clock, Jiang Xie returned. Xie Xi had thought back and forth and knew what to do.

Jiang Xie took off his jacket and tie, glanced at Xie Xi and went to the kitchen.

Xie Xi didn’t say anything. He didn’t deliberately get close to Jiang Xie like he did in the previous two days, nor did he take the initiative to help. He sat quietly and turned the pages of his book.

It seemed there was no difference between Jiang Xie coming back or not.

More than half an hour later, Jiang Xie placed the dishes on the table. Xie Xi put down the book and sat opposite him. He didn’t speak nor did Jiang Xie speak. The two people ate the meal in silence.

On the table were two meat dishes and shrimp soup.

It was very warm home-cooked food and the taste was delicious. Even the rice was cooked just right. The pearl rice grains were crystal clear, beautiful and delicious.

Xie Xi was actually very hungry. He wanted to eat Jiang Xie’s cooked rice but he had to hold back and show the appearance of having no appetite.

Jiang Xie glanced at the rice bowl that Xie Xi never touched and said nothing. For the meal, Xie Xi only drank a few mouthfuls of soup.

Jiang Xie finally opened his mouth. “What do you want to eat?”

“There is nothing I want to eat.”

Jiang Xie asked, “You aren’t hungry?”

Xie Xi nodded. “I’m not hungry.”

At the end of the conversation, Jiang Xie got up and went to the bathroom.

Xie Xi was so hungry that he quickly took out the god’s wisdom and drew something to fill up his stomach. His acting wasn’t good-like and he was disgraced when his stomach started growling.

Xie Xi was still reading by the time Jiang Xie came out after washing. Jiang Xie frowned but resisted not mentioning dinner.

He returned to the lounge. At 10 o’clock, Xie Xi went to bed on time and slept next to this person.

The two of them had no extra words. They slept on the bed but they seemed separated by a river that they couldn’t cross.

This lasted for three days. Xie Xi not only didn’t eat at night, but he also didn’t eat breakfast and lunch.

Of course, he secretly gave himself extra meals but this wasn’t known to Jiang Xie. All Jiang Xie saw was Xie Xi sitting all day without eating anything.

On the third night, Jiang Xie couldn’t help himself. He stared at Xie Xi and asked, “What are you trying to do?”

Xie Xi secretly ate two cheese baked buns and held it very well. He really wasn’t interested in the food in front of him. He looked up at Jiang Xie. “Hrmm?”

Jiang Xie put down his chopsticks in a cold manner. “Are you injuring yourself to gain my confidence? Do you think I still care?”

Xie Xi also put down his chopsticks. “I’d like to know more about what you want to do.”

Jiang Xie frowned.

Xie Xi had waited for such a conversation. He had long sorted out what he had to say and now he could control his tone just right.

Xie Xi stared at Jiang Xie and spoke in a flat voice. “I have nothing to explain regarding six years ago. I approached you for the sake of the Lance project.”

This was the first time they walked about this topic. He had known it for a long time but Jiang Xie still felt a stab of pain in his heart.

Xie Xi continued, “At that time, you didn’t understand but now it should be clear. Sitting in this position with so much work, there is no greater interest. How could I have time to accompany you?”

Jiang Xie’s lips thinned. “Chief Xie truly has no scruples.”

Xie Xi’s lips curved. “When you wear women’s clothing, other women can’t compare.” He might be reading a script but Xie Xi really meant it. The adult Jiang Xie wearing women’s clothing could scare people to death but the 17 year old Jiang Xie looked really beautiful.

Jiang Xie’s eyes were cold. “Chief Xie shouldn’t wear women’s clothing or no women can match you.”

Xie Xi was fierce in his heart but he maintained the indifferent smile on his face. “Then, do you still like my appearance?”

Jiang Xie sneered.

Xie Xi told him, “Jiang Xie, we are both adults.”

Jiang Xie stared at him. “So what?”

Xie Xi’s tone was slow. “I took your project six yous ago and you took my Chengyu six years later. Isn’t that enough?”

A feeling of irritation filled his heart. He didn’t want to answer at all because he cared about different things.

Xie Xi continued, “The king was defeated. My skills aren’t as good as you.”

Jiang Xie laughed loudly. “Then you are conceding defeat?’

Xie Xi poked straight at his heart. “I lost Chengyu but what did you get?”

Jiang Xie’s heart was stabbed by a knife.

Xie Xi spoke in a cool tone, “The work is like this. My means weren’t glorious but the way you took Chengyu’s shares was no better.”

Jiang Xie’s throat was numb. “I didn’t deceive anyone.”

Xie Xi’s eyes flashed as he stared at the other person. “Do you like me?”

The words opened the dusty wound and the paralyzed blood that had never healed was exposed to the sun.

Jiang Xie couldn’t answer because he really did like this person!

Xie Xi didn’t need his answer. He just wanted to rip the imagination apart and pull out the reality. “If you like my appearance, I can sleep with you until you’re tired…”

Jiang Xie’s voice was low. “Stop it.”

Xie Xi didn’t stop. “Until you are tired of it. If you like me as a person, I’m sorry but I can’t give you the feelings you want.”

Jiang Xie looked up sharply.

Xie Xi stared at him and spoke in a calm tone with no excessiveness. “I don’t believe in any feelings, let alone love. The so-called long-term is a child’s lie. We are all adults and understand that there are too many variables in life. The illusory thing called love is worthless.”

Jiang Xie finally asked the question that he been suppressed for six years and always wanted to know the answer to.

“Six years ago, did you have no feelings for me?”

Xie Xi replied, “I appreciated you…”

Jiang Xie whispered, “Don’t say that.”

Xie Xi was quiet. “If it is love, then no.”

Jiang Xie clenched his fists and his voice was hoarse. “If I say that I will give Chengyu back to you if you fall in love with me…”

Xie Xi heard this sentence and his heart was cut into many pieces.

Jiang Xie regretted it after asking such a question. He despised himself but he still wanted to ask.

Xie Xi’s heartbeat was steady as he said, “If you want, we can try it.”

Jiang Xie heard this answer and his heart sank to the bottom of the valley.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...