Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 11 Boundaries 10

From Jiang Xie’s perspective, this scene was filled with bleakness.

In front of the huge glass window, the falling sun dyed the sky red. It was as if all the strength was exhausted and the last blood of life was falling.

The back of the man standing in front of the floor to ceiling window was straight but the shirt showed a large gap. In particular, the waist was so thin that it was distressing.

In this one month… hadn’t this person eaten any good meals?

During the one month abroad, Jiang Xie hadn’t wanted to think about Xie Xi. In fact, as long as he was idle, he couldn’t help thinking about Xie Xi.

However, he was too afraid to look. Turning on the phone would allow him to connect to the monitor and see Xie Xi’s every move.

Yet Jiang Xie didn’t dare take a single look. It was like facing Pandora’s Box. If he didn’t look at it, he wouldn’t be tempted. He was afraid that one glance would make him return home.

This gap created by Jiang Xie could be regarded as giving Xie Xi enough time. He had a comfortable time this one month.

Jiang Xie didn’t look at Xie Xi but Xie Xi always paid attention to Jiang Xie. The monitoring was very useful and even Jiang Xie’s breathing while sleeping at night could be transmitted to Xie Xi’s ears.

Xie Xi went to see him several times and even got close to him using the stealth charm.

While staying in the office, Xie Xi was very comfortable. Once he interfered with the cameras, he could casually enjoy himself.

It was nothing to read books. If he was tired of reading books then he would play with high-tech gadgets and he could also practice his drawing skills.

There might be the sketch pen and it was bound to him for life but he couldn’t always rely on it. For example, this quasi-world emptied out all his other skills and items. What if there was a world where he couldn’t take the sketch pen?

In short, there was no harm in practicing.

Xie Xi only moved his chopsticks when outsiders sent him food. Privately, he drew whatever he wanted to eat.

There was the enhanced version of the slimming pill, causing Xie Xi to become thinner. In one month, he lost 5 kilograms. He was already really thin so it was miserable to lose 5 kilograms.

Jiang Xie hadn’t seen Xie Xi for one month. It was natural to be shocked.

Xie Xi stirred up some emotions, made sure he wouldn’t burp and slowly turned around…

This picture was very moving.

The exquisite face became smaller because it was thinner while the eyes became bigger. The lips were dry and the colour was very light, presumably from malnutrition…

Jiang Xie’s heart was tugged.

Xie Xi’s voice was hoarse (from choking) as he asked, “You came back?”

Theoretically, Xie Xi didn’t know what Jiang Xie was doing and didn’t know that Jiang Hong had recovered.

Jiang Xie’s brow furrowed. “Why haven’t you been eating well?”

In fact, Xie Xi had been eating well. He ate food from all over the world, including China, France, Italy, Japan, Korea and Thailand.

Xie Xi replied, “I have no appetite.”

Jiang Xie didn’t say anything. He just took off his coat and went to the kitchen.

It hadn’t been used for one month but the kitchen contained fresh vegetables, which were prepared by the daily cleaning people.

They weren’t sure when Jiang Xie would come back and their job was to change the fresh vegetables every day. The types were prepared according to the schedule and they never changed it.

Jiang Xie wanted to cook rice but he looked at Xie Xi and was afraid of his indigestion. Thus, he changed it to porridge and didn’t put anything apart from a few green vegetables.

Xie Xi sat outside worrying.

It was reasonable to say that this meal should be eaten. He had been hungry for so long and Jiang Xie finally came back and personally cooked a meal. Eating it would give extra points.

However… he couldn’t support it.

Not only did he eat dinner, he swallowed a mouthful of dessert.

Now he was panicked. He couldn’t exercise to eliminate the food. After all, he was skinny and if he jumped around… it would be poisonous!

Jiang Xie was afraid that Xie Xi would be hungry and cooked quickly. The porridge was made in a pressure cooker and the speed was incredibly fast.

Xie Xi looked at the table full of dishes, “…”

“Come over and eat.”

They were all food that Xie Xi loved to eat, light but delicious homemade dishes.

If Xie Xi hadn’t eaten a bowl of pork bone ramen, chestnut fish and strawberry mochi, he would really want to eat it.

Jiang Xie watched Xie Xi have no appetite and frowned even more. “You aren’t eating. Do you mean to starve yourself?”

Xie Xi picked up the chopsticks and caught a small pea.

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi really wasn’t able to eat. If he knew that Jiang Xie would come back, he wouldn’t have sneaked so much food.

Jiang Xie felt pained and uncomfortable. He also couldn’t eat and put down his chopsticks, asking him, “Without Chengyu, you don’t even have the strength to eat?”

Xie Xi’s spirit was shocked and he finally led Jiang Xie to the right track.

His dazed expression fell into Jiang Xie’s eyes and there was a burst of pain in his heart. “Do you think I will be soft if you look like this?”

Xie Xi raised his emotions and shook his head. “No.”

Jiang Xie was unsure what question he was answering.

Xie Xi spoke softly, “I just think it is quite boring.”

Perhaps his body was so weak that it made his voice as light as a whisper. If it wasn’t so quiet, Jiang Xie wouldn’t have heard his words.

After listening to the answer, Jiang Xie’s heart trembled and an uncontrollable sourness spread in his chest.

Jiang Xie wondered, “Do you live just for the sake of Chengyu?” This Chengyu represented Xie Xi’s ambition but he didn’t have the heart to say it in such a straightforward manner.

Xie Xi glanced at Jiang Xie in a startled manner. “Otherwise, what else can I do?”

Jiang Xie was stumped by the question.

Xie Xi looked at the meal in front of him and spoke slowly, “I have never been as idle as I am now. I have always been working hard, struggling to go up.”

This was the first time Jiang Xie saw such a Xie Xi. The dazzling aura was removed and the exquisite camouflage faded away, revealing a Xie Xi that had never been seen before.

Jiang Xie was very clear about Xie Xi’s experiences. Or it should be said that no one in D City’s financial circles didn’t know.

He was a child of the Xie family. Due to some enmity, his mother left that life and took him away.

His father married someone else and it wasn’t long before he gave birth to Xie Xi’s younger brother.

Xie Xi’s mother was depressed and committed suicide when Xie Xi was seven.

What could a seven year old child do? It was hard to live.

He was sent to the orphanage and after being tossed around, he recognized his ancestors at the age of 11.

It was reasonable to say that such a child would find it difficult to integrate into family life but Xie Xi was exceptionally good.

He had experienced all types of hardships from a young age and knew how to observe people.

At the age of 11, he knew how to be pleasing. He got along very well with everyone, from his stepmother, his brother who was two years younger than him, his driver and even the gardener at home.

Not only that, he was clever and had a fast learning ability. He thought that it would take some time to adjust to school life. Who would’ve thought he would’ve jumped classes at the age of 12?

He already received a college degree overseas at the age of 16.

After returning to China, he was even more astounding. He helped his father enter the board of Chengyu and gradually expanded Chengyu into a big group that couldn’t be ignored in D City.

Under these glamourous achievements was his ruthless heart.

Outsiders didn’t know what he did but his father got depression and stayed in the hospital. His stepmother had a horrific scandal exposed and her cheating bed photos became a joke in the circle. His half-brother was arrogant and incompetent. While racing with people in the middle of the night, he failed to brake and flew off a cliff, his body not being found.

By the time Xie Xi was 24 years old, he was completely alone.

Four years later, he met Jiang Xie and took away the Lance Project. He was in full swing and led Chengyu to a peak that no one could’ve imagined.

After the peak was downhill.

Xie Xi had to bear the consequences of his early years. Jiang Xie returned like a cheetah and destroyed his hard-built castle.

As Xie Xi stated, he had never been idle. This month was unprecedented for him but it was also boring and meaningless.

Jiang Xie realized this but he also knew that Xie Xi was likely acting. He might indeed feel bored but he was still putting on a show.

Jiang Xie saw through this but he was still affected. As long as he thought that 30% of this play was true, his heart was stirred up.

“Life is more than that.” Jiang Xie told Xie Xi. “You can see more if you put aside Chengyu.”

Xie Xi looked at him. “But I have nothing.”

He didn’t have family left, all his friends were gone after the loss of Chengyu and his subordinates belonged to others. Even his office wasn’t his own.

Jiang Xie raised his eyebrows and said nothing.

Xie Xi felt the fire was almost ready and he had to take his time, not be too anxious. He had almost digested the previous food and could barely eat.

Xie Xi ‘braced his spirit’ and said, “The porridge is really fragrant.”

“Eat something. Your body can’t stand it if you are always hungry.”

Xie Xi nodded and shoved down half a bowl of porridge.

This really didn’t need acting. He ate so much that he wouldn’t be tempted even by exotic delicacies!

Jiang Xie didn’t continue the topic from before. It seemed he didn’t want to stimulate Xie Xi.

Xie Xi was also happy and carefully reflected on his operation.

In fact, Xie Xi wasn’t sure if this was the key to repairing the world but this was what Xie Xi wanted to convey to Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie’s mood was very weak and there were always hidden dangers. Xie Xi didn’t want to miss it if there was an opportunity to dig out the thorns buried in his flesh and blood.

This was a good opportunity. Xie Xi took advantage of his identity to let Jiang Xie observe the psychology of the world from one angle.

Xie Xi’s coaxing wouldn’t necessarily dig out this thorn.

However, if he let himself become weary with the world then Jiang Xie would pay attention to caring for him and get rid of this imprisonment.

Regardless of whether the world was repaired or not, Xie Xi wanted to face this emotion with Jiang Xie. No matter what happened previously, they now had each other.

Xie Xi’s calculations were excellent and he performed very well.

In the evening, he slept very unsteadily. It was no wonder since he slept and ate so much during the day.

This caused Jiang Xie to feel emotional instability and he tossed and turned in a sleepless manner all night.

After three or four days of persistence, Xie Xi clearly felt that Jiang Xie couldn’t hold on anymore.

What would happen next? Was he going to return Chengyu? If this was true, what to do… Xie Xi was very satisfied with his current life and didn’t want to go to work!

As he thought about it, Xie Xi suddenly felt his body become empty. He opened his eyes and saw a blank space.

Xie Xi had experienced this once before and immediately reacted… white space?

Did Jiang Xie use this forbidden technique again? Xie Xi thought of the man’s tragic appearance in the garden and his expression suddenly changed.

“What nonsense is this… I’m perfectly fine!” Xie Xi wanted to swear.

Jiang Xie smiled and pulled the person over for a kiss. How could Xie Xi willingly push him away?

Unfortunately, the white space had time constraints and they couldn’t stay for too long. Jiang Xie reached into Xie Xi’s clothes and rubbed his belly. “You really aren’t hungry?”

Xie Xi grabbed the thief’s hand. “Of course not…” He froze as he realized. “Do you know what’s going on?”

In the world of the collapsed god, Jiang Xie didn’t know exactly what happened before he recycled the soul.

Jiang Xie smiled. “I know that you are starving yourself to death.”

“It is all fake. I was just pretending.”

Jiang Xie leaned over and kissed his forehead. “Yes, I saw it.”

Xie Xi knew that time was tight and quickly asked the main point. “What is your situation in this collapsed world?”

Jiang Xie explained, “It is a state of integration. Without entering the white space, I only have the memories of the soul.” Jiang Xie only remembered everything once he entered here.

Xie Xi understood and said, “I believe that the 12 boundaries are 12 collapsed worlds mixed together.”

Jiang Xie nodded. “It is possible.”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “After this time, all your souls will probably return.”

Jiang Xie felt this person’s thoughts and his heart warmed. “You are here. They will return to me sooner or later.”

Xie Xi glared at him and then became worried. “I wasn’t in danger. How could you activate the white space?”

Jiang Xie sighed. “It is because I think you are in danger.”

Xie Xi was stunned… he pretended too much that Taurus truly believed it!

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...