Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Love Left or Right 12

Full of brains, democratic, civilized, harmonious… The Xie Xi described by these golden characters couldn’t accept this ghostly thing.

What was this situation? Why was his hand sharper than a knife? Why was Greenton’s chest more brittle than a biscuit? What happened to his endless energy?

At this moment, a strange and familiar voice entered Xie Xi’s ears. It was the voice of Sein Hall, the real owner of this body.

“Damned, everybody is damned.”

“No matter the price, I will bury them!”

A flower appeared in front of Xie Xi and he started to see Sein Hall’s memories.

The seven year old body born with exquisite loveliness was laughing innocently in his mother’s arms. The image changed. The boy trembled as he hid in a corner while a loud quarrel was heard outside.

“Princess, please control yourself! I’m the hostess of Duke Hall’s house!”

“You despicable woman, what qualifications do you have to marry him?”

The beautiful and arrogant woman slapped the face of Sein’s mother. The duchess made a frightened expression. “Why did you hit me?”

“Hit you?” Princess Xilin stepped on her abdomen. “What can I do if I want to kill you?”

The duchess was pale. “No, I have…”

“I know, you are pregnant again.” Princess Xilin stepped hard on the duchess’ belly. “You dirty blood, what qualifications do you have to be pregnant with his child?”

Sein Hall was terrified. He rushed out after seeing his mother’s screams and tried to stop this crazy woman, but he was too young. He was easily held back by a servant and watched as his mother was tortured to death.

Blood flowed as his gentle mother lay pale on the ground, the empty eyes desperately looking at the world.

The woman who killed his mother not only didn’t get the punishment she deserved, she ended up as his new stepmother.

Sein Hall cried and complained to his father about her crimes but his father locked him up for one month until he changed his tune and admitted that what he saw was a hallucination the devil presented to him.

Princess Xilin didn’t want to let him go but his father reluctantly protected him. Sein Hall didn’t suffer too much abuse apart from cold treatment. However, the death of his mother, the cowardice of his father and the indifference of the royal family and church caused serious trauma to his young mind.

No one believed in his words or the cause of his mother’s death. No one believed that the princess was a murderer and no one believed that the royal family and church were sheltering such a demon.

Greenton was the first ray of light for Sein Hall. He thought his cousin would help him gain justice for his mother’s death. But no… his cousin said he would take Sein away. Greenton’s words were full of indignation but he didn’t dare to offend the royal family.

Sein Hall met the vampire Aix-en at the age of 14. He inherited his mother’s beauty, which was like a blooming rose. The suppressed despair and hatred meant this rose was dyed with blood.

Aix-en fell in love with him at first sight and was deeply infatuated with him. At first, Sein Hall thought he would die. Then he saw the obsession in Aix-en’s eyes and felt hope.

This was a very powerful man. With the vampire’s help, he could retaliate against this disgusting empire!

He took advantage of Aix-en and carefully planned things out. He wanted to find the Sacred Heart, complete the first embrace and become an immortal vampire. Then he unexpectedly saw a forbidden technique in Aix-en’s house.

If he had the blood of thousands of enemies and the heart of a loved one who sacrificed themselves, he could gain the power of the devil and slaughter this world.

Just becoming a vampire wasn’t enough to wipe out the empire but it was possible with the power of the devil.

Sein Hall hated the brutal Princess Xilin, hated the queen who sheltered the murderer, hated the church that didn’t distinguish between right and wrong, hated his incompetent father and all the foolish people who believed in this violent rule.

They were damned, all damned! He wanted to kill everyone and send them to hell!

Thus… the 15 year old Sein Hall started to prepare for this forbidden technique.

Gars was the first sacrifice he chose. He was a poor and helpless ghost. As long as Sein showed him a bit of attention, Gars gave his heart unconditionally.

Sein had amazing beauty and a noble identity in the eyes of the world. He also had a pleasant voice and gentle words. Gars unsuspectingly fell into a deep and affectionate dream that he couldn’t extricate himself from.

His first attempt at the forbidden technique ended in failure bit he got an unexpected profit. His personal housekeeper, the faithful Randy got a power beyond imagination and became as strong as the vampire Aix-en.

This gave Sein Hall great encouragement. He knew that the forbidden technique was possible. If he succeeded, he would gain enough power for revenge!

He started carefully preparing for the second attempt. This time, it covered the entire castle and he would attract more enemies!

Gars was a failure. Sein Hall abandoned him and offered him to Aix-en as food. Unexpected, he gained some power because of the forbidden technique and was resurrected as a vampire.

Sein Hall didn’t mind an extra loyal dog and Gars stayed with him as a ‘maid.’

The next sacrifice he chose was his cousin Greenton. Greenton was fascinated by him. After Sein Hall’s confession, he became confused and wasn’t sure what to do.

Sein borrowed Randy’s power and killed many people, creating great fear and uneasy through the empire and giving them a motive to crusade against him.

He needed more blood from the enemies for his array and deliberately led them to attack the castle.

Once everything was ready, the array was activated and the forbidden technique successfully launched.

Xie Xi gained the power of a devil.

Through these memories, Xie Xi finally figured out the game’s plot.

He felt great sympathy towards Sein Hall but he couldn’t agree with what Sein Hall was going to do.

Killing Xilian and getting revenge on the queen and duke were beyond reproach. They deserved it.

However, why bother feeling angry at the innocent people? They lived in this country under such rule. Where did civilians get the right to choose? They were just living their own lives but thanks to government pressure, they closed their mouths and ended up bearing Sein Hall’s anger.

Sein Hall’s life was very miserable and his experience very painful. There was too much to bear… due to this pain, he caused greater disaster and despair to innocent people. How was he different from the princess?

They unleashed their pain onto those who were unrelated.

Why turn yourself into your enemy for revenge?

Xie Xi was stunned as these words flashed through his brain. His experience wasn’t as painful as Sein Hall but he also complained about his father who left and his mother, who left him alone in a dark room, so hungry he had to go through the trash for food. After countless times where his trust was broken, he dropped out of school.

He didn’t act like Sein Hall but he was also immersed in resentment, lost himself and gave up on his dream.

He locked himself in a cramped rental house, not contacting anyone or associating with anyone. If this continued, would he end up venting his anger towards everyone like Sein Hall?

Things seen from the perspective of a third party were unusually clear.

By the time Xie Xi’s spirit returned, the castle had fallen into a grave-like silence.

The people who attacked the castle were dead. They were drained of blood and their corpses were like dead wood. The shape of a person couldn’t be seen at all.

Xie Xi couldn’t help frowning.

Randy and Gars knelt down and spoke in a respectful and sincere manner. “Congratulations to Young Master for achieving your wish.”

Xie Xi felt a powerful force in his body that was indescribable to ordinary people. His body seemed to be filled with endless strength and his five senses were enhanced. It felt like he could hear whispers from thousands of miles away.

He had endless power, a power that allowed people to do whatever they wanted.

At this point, Aix-en finally realized what was going on. He was surprised and there was some anxiety in his eyes. “Small Sein, you…”

A hint appeared in the lower right corner of Xie Xi’s vision.

[Skill (Temporary): Devil’s Whisper – Will cause the sleep effect. Duration is 24 hours.]

It was now the early hours of the seventh day. The task could be completed in 24 hours. Xie Xi sighed and used the sleep skill on the three people in front of him.

He was currently much stronger than them and they fell to the ground at the same time, sleeping honestly.

It looked like… he just had to wait 24 hours to pass the game?

Xie Xi naturally didn’t go out to kill anyone. He stayed in the castle for the whole day.

Night fell and the time remaining was dwindling.

Xie Xi review the game. The first half made him feel like dying but the second half made him feel regret.

He had studied computer science and once participated in the production of a game. At the time, his mentor said that a game should create an awakening.

It was a work of art and not only should it bring surprise and happiness to the player, it should also make them reflect and think.

The bell rang in the early hours of the morning and Xie Xi stared intently at the lower right corner.

[Mission progress: the seventh day.]

The next step was to complete the task. He didn’t know what would happen after it was completed.

Eh? Xie Xi blinked and doubted his eyes.

[The mission has failed. Please load the file in one minute.]

Xie Xi, “???”

Failed? Why? How did he fail?

Didn’t he have to survive for seven days? He survived to the seventh day. On what basis did he fail?

Xie Xi stared at his mission target for a minute. After loading the file, he suddenly understood.

Live for seven days, it wasn’t surviving for at least seven days. It was to live for only seven days, no more and no less!

Thus…

Xie Xi’s eyes were dark as he read the file back to the middle of the sixth night.

Aix-en was astonished. “Small Sein, you…”

Xie Xi rudely placed the sleeping skill on him. He didn’t have the heart to deal with these three people.

After waiting for 24 hours, Xie Xi saw the seventh day was coming to an end and stabbed himself in the heart at the last second.

“Um… it hurts.”

Xie Xi thought, ‘Isn’t this a fatal injury? Why does it hurt so much?’

This game was broken!

Xie Xi stared at the bottom right and it turned out that he failed.

He wasn’t a normal person right now and couldn’t die simply from stabbing his heart!

Xie Xi, “…”

Originally, he still had a drop of good feeling towards the game. Now… MMP!

Xie Xi read the file again and Aix-en was full of surprise. “Small Sein…”

Xie Xi knocked them out immediately. He waited until it was dark and started to kill himself one hour earlier.

He stabbed himself with the knife but the wound started to heal. He desperately pushed the knife in deeper…

12 o’clock.

Xie.hung from the sky.big devil.can’t die.Xi, “…”

It wasn’t good to be too strong. Why was it so difficult to die?

Xie Xi read the file again and was about to force the three people to sleep when he had a thought.

He couldn’t kill himself. Was it possible for these three people to kill him?

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...