Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Five Balls

Xie Xi’s head worked quickly and he remembered something. “Did you see when I used the summoning technique?” Then he thought of something wrong. He summoned X in the Fairytale Town. This wasn’t Jiang Xie’s quasi-world and he shouldn’t be able to see the live broadcast.

The summoning in Atlantis was quite normal and there was nothing to see.  Xie Xi sighed with relief.

Then Jiang Xie exposed himself. “I didn’t see it, I personally experienced it.”

Xie Xi, “???”

In the past, Xie Xi was afraid of exposing himself and didn’t use the summoning. Now this skill was an ornament and he didn’t need to summon Jiang Xie. Thus, Jiang Xie confessed. “Your summoning skill is a high rank and you can summon me directly.

Xie Xi was shocked. “It wasn’t a puppet?”

This was impossible. If he could casually summon god players then wouldn’t it be troublesome for the god players?

Jiang Xie explained, “If I am busy, I can let the puppet accept the call.”

Xie Xi thought about X in the Fairytale Town…

He tried to test it out. “You shouldn’t have accepted the call at the time…” They had just met and how could the greatest designer in Central be so idle?

“You needed my help? How could I not fight personally?”

Xie Xi was silent. He was wrong. This designer was idle enough to sit in Central and watch the live broadcast. How could he not accept the call?

Xie Xi thought about his ‘two-faced actions’ and was embarrassed. “At that time, I…”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Your goodwill for me at the time was -99 so it was natural to have me take care of that rubbish.”

Xie Xi, “………………”

Jiang Xie added, “Besides, how could I let you do that dirty work? I was happy to be able to help you.”

At the time, the dragon heart was buried under a pile of disgusting corpses. Xie Xi had no skills or items at that time. How could he get such an important item apart from going down and grabbing it personally?

Jiang Xie was different. He could randomly pick up the dragon heart.

Xie Xi’s heart was warm. “You clearly saw the -99 goodwill but you still came to help me.”

He had been really disgusted with Jiang Xie but he didn’t hate Jiang Xie. He had been dragged into an unknown world and the game called Love to the Left or Right. The game ruined his three views and even after the rewards, he disliked this designer.

It was just like the university entrance examination when the questioner gave a bunch of super-hard questions. Even if the candidates were admitted to the university, they would hate the questioner.

Jiang Xie told him, “You can imagine what my mood was when my world showed up for you.”

The words were a pun.

Jiang Xie’s quasi-world met Xie Xi and received salvation. Jiang Xie’s inner world had Xie Xi and radiated a new life.

The double emotions intertwined. Don’t mention the -99 goodwill. Jiang Xie wasn’t willing to let go even if it was -999. What drowning person would push away driftwood?

Xie Xi only vaguely understood it in the past but now he fully understood.

He was moved and then once he saw the garden full of roses that had recovered their vitality, he knew that Jiang Xie was okay.

Xie Xi whispered, “Once Dream Come True happened, my dreams really did come true.”

This was a really sweet confession and Jiang Xie couldn’t help saying, “Don’t watch the live broadcast. Let’s do happy things.”

Xie Xi, “!”

“There is no concept of time in Central. I declare that it is now tomorrow!”

This guy dimmed the garden’s light so it was late at night. There were even stars and fireflies flying.

Xie Xi didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. “I… um…”

Jiang Xie kissed him. “You seduced me first.”

Xie Xi pushed him away. “I’m talking to you.”

“No, I endured it for an entire quasi-world. Enduring any longer is bad for the health.”

“What sophistry.”

Jiang Xie said, “In particular, you are young and can’t stand it. I will check just in case…”

Xie Xi’s tone changed. “Get lost… ah…”

He scolded fiercely but it was only scolding. Jiang Xie ate fully and held the child. “Come, let’s look at our quasi-world.”

Xie Xi fought to keep his eyes straight. “Hmm…”

Jiang Xie kissed his eyes. “If you are tired then sleep. I’ll record it for you.”

Xie Xi told him, “I’m not tired.”

“In fact, there is nothing good to look at. This quasi-world will be a piece of cake for you.”

The reason why everyone went was because they were purely curious about Jiang Xie’s designed world. Otherwise, the difficulty was too low for them.

If these few people opened all their power, the newly born universe could collapse again.

Xie Xi requested, “I want to see it.”

Jiang Xie took out a golden pill and fed it to Xie Xi.

Xie Xi didn’t guard against him. His lips slightly opened and the pill entered in an instant. A sweet taste spread through his mouth and he asked, “What is it?”

“A Perfect Big Repair Pill.”

Xie Xi, “……”

The next moment, his physical exhaustion was swept away and his entire body was full of energy.

“Old N isn’t a good person but his pharmaceutical abilities are excellent.”

Xie Xi was still surprised. This pill was truly amazing. Now only had he physically recovered, it seemed there was a gain effect in terms of qualification…

Xie Xi asked, “This pill can also enhance the five senses?”

Jiang Xie nodded, “It is estimated to double your existing qualifications. If I eat one then mine will increase by 20%.”

Xie Xi was even more shocked. “So great!”

It must be known that Jiang Xie’s qualifications and resistance were too great. Ordinary medicine was useless for him.

Yet this pill could increase Jiang Xie’s qualifications by 20%. It was a godly medicine and there was no such thing in Central’s mall.

Xie Xi’s head hurt. “Why did you waste such a good thing?” He could recover after a break.

N was the master of Yunge? Was he good at pharmaceuticals? Xie Xi didn’t know much about this person but from a previous chat with Jiang Xie, he knew that N had a godly skill.

Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “It’s nothing. After eating, I just need to look for Old N.”

“You two…” He thought they had an antagonistic relationship.

Jiang Xie explained, “He placed a reward on the training field. Whoever beats him can get a pill.”

Xie Xi had a faint hunch.

Jiang Xie’s eyes narrowed. “I still have 30 more so rest assured.”

Xie Xi, “…………………………”

Winning obtained one pill. To have 30… did the owner of Yunge originally have this style? Was he a living M? Being beaten like this yet still offering the reward?

Master Yunge, not only are you an ATM, you are a conscience machine that is still persevering after being hammered!

Xie Xi no longer felt pained by the pill and was more distressed for the ATM… ah, no, the master of Yunge.

Jiang Xie had already opened the live broadcast. Xie Xi was quite curious about what Yan Zhe would encounter.

“Will they appear in the new universe?”

Jiang Xie answered, “It should be. We put the world’s will in and in theory, the new universe has already been born.”

Xie Xi nodded. He watched the broadcast and heard Yan Zhe’s voice, “Nan Yi, stay away from me! You are sucking away the air I managed to save!”

Nan Yi also shouted, “Old Qin, can you not do that? The light isn’t enough!”

Qin Ge was buzzing. “Wait for me to study.”

What did they encounter? The image lit up and Xie Xi didn’t see the familiar figures. Instead, he saw… a galaxy?

Gong Rui’s lazy voice was heard. “I’m really confused. Did we really come to Old Jiang’s quasi-world?”

Zong Xia added, “I have invertebrates here.”

Yan Zhe asked excitedly, “Really?”

There was a pause and then Zong Xia’s cold voice was heard. “God Yan, can you heal this invertebrate?”

The invertebrates that were hard to raise died again.

Yan Zhe roared, “I’m not a damn veterinarian!”

Although the invertebrates didn’t seem to be animals.

Xie Xi could understand their situation. His face was shocked as he asked, “They…”

Jiang Xie was calm. “Yes, they have become five balls.”

To be precise, they were a star and four planets, real planets! Four big gods and a god’s milk, Central’s male gods team went to an SSS-grade quasi-world and their task was to play planets!

Xie Xi’s senses didn’t return for a long time. “There was originally such a task.”

Jiang Xie cleared his throat. “After all, it is SSS-grade.”

“How can they play as planets?”

“They are doing a very good job.”

It was very good. One gave up on treatment and became a meteorite (Gong Rui), one was full of poisonous gas (Nan Yi). Forget organic manner. The sun didn’t even shine and he wanted to swallow the next asteroid (Yan Zhe).

The only normal one, Zong Xia killed the invertebrates that were hard to appear…

Then look at Old Qin’s big sun flickering. Forget shining on the stars, he looked like he was going to explode.

Xie Xi saw this and gained insight. “You… your old worlds were pretty good.”

He might always be a cheater as well as a fish and flower, but at least it was within the range of his cognition. If he directly became a planet…

According to this situation, they had to make a similar livable star for the life in the hard drive before they could clear the world?

Xie Xi felt that he would have to watch for hundreds of millions of years to see the end.

Of course, the Central Government didn’t have the concept of time. He could go to a quasi-world now and then come back and meet them. However, if he watched the live broadcast then he really would go to Heaven.

Xie Xi didn’t expect that his and Jiang Xie’s world would be so pitted. Jiang Xie comforted him. “It’s nothing. Haven’t they experienced big winds and waves? This is kid’s play.”

Xie Xi could only comfort himself this way. Then a message appeared on their water curtain.

[Announcement: Yunge is inviting god level players to team up to challenge an erasure task.]

Xie Xi was shocked. Jiang Xie knew what he was thinking. “There is no way.”

A task that exceeded SS-grade and was about erasing a world…

There might be Xie Xi but Xie Xi was the only repairer. He obviously couldn’t keep up with the speed of the worlds collapsing and there was always a world that had to be abandoned.

Xie Xi frowned. “Let’s go to the next world.”

He had to repair it quickly or he was afraid the quasi-worlds that contained Jiang Xie’s souls would be obliterated.

Jiang Xie’s heart warmed. “Have you searched for a new task?”

“I’ll search now.”

He clicked on the search and the small funnel turned for a while.

Jiang Xie asked, “How is it?”

Xie Xi looked at the name and had a terrible hunch. “Collapsing 12 Boundaries.”

Jiang Xie sighed. “12… ah…”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...