Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 10

The zombie girl floated in front of Jiang Xie and Xie Xi, telling them, “Be good together and love each other. If you break up, Love Love will curse you.”

Jiang Xie smiled while Xie Xi was in shock.

Fortunately, the zombie girl didn’t say anything else. She waved her small hand and all the pink things disappeared. The players participating in the ground instantly fell straight down.

Both the injured Lan Lingling and Peng Chi sucked in a breath. Fortunately, the height was height but there was buoyancy and they weren’t injured from the fall.

After finally landing, Xie Xi met a pair of bloody eyes. Xie Xi was startled and screamed. Jiang Xie held his hand. “It’s okay, they’re all dead.”

Them being dead didn’t make it okay!

Xie Xi slowly discovered that the place where they landed was like a mass grave. They were surrounded by messy corpses. Some had no arms or no legs. The even more terrible thing was that all their limbs were gone and they became a column of bodies…

Jiang Xie told him, “Don’t look if you are disgusted.”

He knew that this child was strong and wouldn’t say he was afraid.

Xie Xi thought this was useful. He closed his eyes and asked, “Did they all die in the game?”

“Yes.”

Xie Xi frowned. “In fact, this game wasn’t difficult.” Even so, many people died.

Jiang Xie explained, “Many times, the difficulty of the game isn’t related to the death rate.” A hard game didn’t necessarily mean death and a simple game didn’t necessarily mean survival. It was because people were very strange creatures.

Their bodies were fine but Lan Lingling and Peng Chi were ashen as they lay on the ground.

They survived but didn’t have one arm and one leg. They couldn’t walk anymore. Then what about the next two projects? If they couldn’t finish then they would be stuck here forever. These dead people were stuck forever!

Many bodies were missing one arm and one leg. They had probably lived to the end of the game but due to physical reasons and no one helping them, they could only die here desperately.

Lan Lingling and Peng Chi saw that they would soon become like this.

The young woman got up, glanced at them indifferently and walked towards the exit. No one would save a stranger, not to mention the two people were so badly injured that saving them was only dragging her to death.

Xie Xi watched Lan Lingling and Peng Chi. “This game seems to rely entirely on luck but there are actually fixed rules. The first person selected depends on luck but everyone will become the first person once. The card also seems to be luck but there were a total of three cards and the cards we received every time were different. If you didn’t resent each other, we could’ve ended the game in three rounds.”

At best, they would’ve lost an arm and still be able to act. Unlike now, when they could only wait for death.

In fact, this was the trap of the game. No one was willing to be the first person or sacrifice themselves. As long as their heart was unwilling, there would be various situations.

A Forbidden Card appeared at the end of the first round, which was tantamount to a lifesaver for the first person to be punished.

This card seemed to randomly land in Lan Lingling’s hand but Xie Xi was certain that Peng Chi absolutely wouldn’t have received it.

The game deliberately gave it to the other five people, waiting for them to make a choice.

The choice was difficult and determined who they would offend. This was doomed to be a disaster.

In fact, Lan Lingling’s choice to discard it was correct. If Peng Chi was sensible, he would’ve understood Lan Lingling’s helplessness. She didn’t favour or bully anyone, she just maintained the original state. All he had to do was pretend the fire of hope hadn’t appeared.

Unfortunately, Peng Chi fell into the trap and directed his disappointment and resentment towards Lan Lingling.

Even so, if Lan Lingling had held steady, not been suspicious and didn’t act to trick Peng Chi then when Peng Chi got the Exchange Card, he might’ve hesitated to change Lan Lingling and Xie Xi’s positions. Then Lan Lingling wouldn’t have lost an arm.

Due to the gradually accumulated resentment and unwillingness, the two of them struggled and Lan Lingling made a mistake, causing her to lose her leg.

Lan Lingling and Peng Chi also understood these things but what was the point?

It was already too late.

Xie Xi glanced at Jiang Xie and asked him, “Did you realize the key to the game early on and set up the foundations in the trial?”

He didn’t want to admit it but Jiang Xie’s nonsense was indeed the key to the game.

He caught the message revealed by the zombie girl and used the two chances in the trial to pave the way for ‘love at first sight.’ Thus, the confession of the Opposite Card took effect and the illusion of finding love in the game was created.

The thing that Xie Xi couldn’t understand was that there were certainly no other ‘old hands’ like Jiang Xie in other games. If they didn’t lay the foundation in advance, how could they create the illusion of finding love? Xie Xi didn’t believe that anyone could find love in such a shocking game.

Jiang Xie explained, “There is no need to pave the way. The key is to invest.”

“Invest.”

“Love naturally needs an investment. The key is to use the Opposite Card under the premise that the position isn’t swapped.”

Xie Xi understood. Normal people wouldn’t say so many words in the trial. The game was set on the premise that all players were strangers. Then how could they find love?

The location was crucial. The zombie girl had told Lan Lingling, “You have two good men around you. How can you go and talk to others?” In other words, only the two people who were originally adjacent would have an effect if they confessed to each other. At the same time, they needed to use the Opposite Card on themselves.

The rule of the Opposite Card was that it must be used by one of the five other people or the person who had the card. It couldn’t be discarded. It was only when the person used it on themselves that something would be invested in the love.

Xie Xi couldn’t understand something. He asked Jiang Xie, “Since it was useless, why did you pave the way in the trial?”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi watched him.

Jiang Xie was worthy of being Old Jiang. He smiled and shamelessly said, “I didn’t pave the way.”

Xie Xi, “???”

He cleared his throat. “I just told the truth. It is ordinary love at first sight.”

Xie Xi, “……………………”

Okay! To be honest, love at first sight was still normal!

Xie Xi believed that he would be the one losing if he tried to refute it.

A chuckle was heard. It was from the man in the suit who hadn’t left yet. The suited man said, “You are really interesting.”

Xie Xi looked at him and opened his mouth. “Do we know each other?” This sense of familiarity couldn’t fool people. Xie Xi should’ve seen this person somewhere before.

The man in the suit kept smiling.

Jiang Xie’s voice was cold. “The mask is quite good.”

His gentle tone that contained a hint of cold caused the suited man to hurriedly wave his hand. “I mean no harm. I just wanted to help Xie Xi.”

Xie Xi was startled. The man in the suit reached for his neck and pulled. Something fell off and revealed his original face.

Zhong Jin! The man who tricked Xie Xi into the Fairytale Town had chased him all the way here. Where did he come from and why say that he helped Xie Xi!

Zhong Jin blinked and told them, “I wish you a happy game. I will leave first.”

He looked as if he was running away but the smile on his face revealed that he wasn’t really afraid.

Xie Xi, “…”

He didn’t expect to meet Zhong Jin here. There were so many players in the Central World. How could there be such a coincidence?

Jiang Xie reminded him, “His face is fake.”

Xie Xi wasn’t surprised at all!

Jiang Xie wondered, “Is he the man you met in Fairytale Town?”

Xie Xi had talked about Fairytale Town with him so he nodded and explained briefly.

Jiang Xie warned, “That person isn’t simple.”

Xie Xi also felt it. “I will be careful.”

Zhong Jin had obviously seen through this game early on. He probably understood it better than Xie Xi. However, Xie Xi had some doubts. Why did he show a regretful expression when he used the Exchange Card?

What did he regret? Did he not want to end the game? He wanted to keep watching the fun?

Xie Xi thought it was likely. After all, this man’s character was really bad.

The reason why Xie Xi spent so long in this pile of dead people wasn’t to comment on the game.

He had been waiting for the suited man to leave. Now that no one was here…

Xie Xi spoke to Lan Lingling and Peng Chi. “I have a way to help you stand up. Do you want to try it?”

Lan Lingling and Peng Chi looked up with bright eyes.

Peng Chi cried out, “As long as I can stand up, I will work extremely hard for you in this life!”

Lan Lingling was also excited. “Please help me. I don’t want to die here. As long as I can return to the Central World, I will give you all my things.”

“No need.” Xie Xi didn’t want to have anything to do with them. “It might not succeed but I can try it if you want.”

The two people replied in unison, “We want!”

Who wouldn’t want to try it? As long as they could stand up and move, they had hope to live and return to Central. Once they returned to Central, there were unlimited possibilities for them!

Xie Xi nodded. “I can only casually find you arms and legs. They might not look good but you can use them.”

Lan Lingling and Peng Chi seemed confused.

Old Jiang was more aware and how could he let Xie Xi do this? He had long gone to pick two arms and two legs. He also divided them between male and female limbs.

Xie Xi still felt nauseous when he saw these limbs but he could only use his blank expression to stabilize himself.

“Don’t hold too much hope.” Xie Xi told them. “It relies on luck.”

He didn’t have much confidence in this repair. Previously it succeeded because he used zombie legs. Now he used dead objects and the targets were living… oh, these arms and legs weren’t alive.

Xie Xi helped set them up and used Beginner Repair. The arms and legs connected together. As for whether they could be used…

Xie Xi didn’t care. “You can try it for yourself later.”

Both Lan Lingling and Peng Chi were still stunned…

What was this skill? Other people’s arms and legs were casually placed on them! This… if the limbs could be used then it was too much! Also, wasn’t it impossible to use skills in this world? This person…

By the time they recovered, Xie Xi had left. After walking away, Jiang Xie wondered with a smile, “Aren’t you afraid of them telling others about your skill?”

Xie Xi replied, “It doesn’t matter if they say it. Other people knowing about my skill won’t hurt me. It is only troublesome..” His Beginning Repair skill made him equivalent to a milk dad (healer)in the open world. Even if someone knew about him, they wouldn’t be stupid enough to kill a healer.

It might be a bit troublesome but he couldn’t let people die because he was afraid of trouble.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...