Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 10 Boundaries 10

‘Why would I go to you? Don’t harm me!’

This was definitely a real cry from Xie Xi’s heart.

He had no idea what he used to be like but thinking of the succubus, an unscrupulous creature, he estimated that… it probably wasn’t very good.

This sentence reminded Xie Xi to think more.

Without waiting for Xie Xi to open his mouth, Jiang Xie spoke coldly, “We have been flying for 20 hours and we’re tired.”

Xie Xi hurriedly echoed, “Right, very tired.”

The demon brother looked disappointed as he gazed at Xie Xi. “Then I will come to you tomorrow.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie helped him refused. “Tomorrow we have to report, we’re very busy.”

This bad attitude and bad tone didn’t annoy the demon. He just scratched the back of his head. “Yes, I am too anxious. You… rest first. I will wait for you to settle down.” His polite tone was obviously towards Xie Xi.

Jiang Xie’s expression became more difficult to see.

The demon brother left.

Xie Xi was innocent. He really didn’t do anything but… this was coming from the mouth of the succubus who didn’t like to wear clothing. It was like a cat saying it didn’t like fish, a dog saying it didn’t like bones, a bee saying it didn’t collect honey…

In any case, he couldn’t explain it clearly! It was all from this person’s imagination!

The two people were still in the same dormitory and this was for certain. Jiang Xie was unfamiliar with the Demon World and needed someone to guide him. Xie Xi had slept in the same room as him for a year and was very qualified.

Unfortunately, Xie Xi also didn’t know much about this Demon World and basically relied on guessing.

The dormitory environment of the Demon World and Heaven were completely different.

Heaven was bright and light while this side was darker.

From tables to chairs and bedding… they were different colours but they were all dark tones such as dark red, dark blue, pure black and deep purple. The only bright colour was grey, which was also symmetrical.

Xie Xi asked the jealous Jiang Xie, “Can you adapt to this style?”

“Yes.”

Xie Xi suggested, “Other things aren’t easy to change but the bedding can be changed.” They had beige bedding in Heaven, which was warm and bright. This place was pure black and had a velvet texture. It felt weird.

Jiang Xie told him, “I should do the same as the people in this world.”

This was what Jiang Xie used to tell the succubus. Now he was in the Demon World and it was his turn to say it to himself. It could be said that his heart was full of bitterness. If he really wanted to do the same as the people of this world, he shouldn’t stop Xie Xi tonight…

Xie Xi knew at a glance what this person was thinking and quickly changed the topic. “What would you like for dinner?”

Jiang Xie’s senses returned. “Let’s go out to eat. I want to eat the dishes of the Demon World.”

Who knew what there was to eat in the damn Demon World but Xie Xi had to say, “Okay, let’s go out to eat. I will treat you.”

Jiang Xie nodded, settled everything and went out with Xie Xi.

Xie Xi used this time to go to the bathroom to do his homework, using a food app to look up a good restaurant.

It not only had to be good to eat, it should be clean and have private boxes. Xie Xi was really afraid to meet someone he knew who would invite him again. Then someone wouldn’t eat because he would be full of vinegar.

The situation in the First Domain wasn’t much different from First Heaven. It was also a bustling city scene.

If there was one thing different, it was the slightly different architectural style.

Heaven had the classical white style while the Demon World had the dark gothic style.

The people’s clothing wasn’t much different. It was modern and they wore everything.

Xie Xi did his homework ahead of time and reluctantly brought Jiang Xie to a restaurant.

Jiang Xie asked, “You used to often come here?’

This was Xie Xi’s first time but he was a native succubus and could only respond, “Yes, the…” He tried to remember the name of the signature dish. “The carbon roasted Lulu beast isn’t bad.”

Jiang Xie was a bit interested. “Lulu beast?”

“It is a specialty of the First Domain. They don’t have it in Heaven so I will take you to taste it.

Such a chat improved the atmosphere and Jiang Xie’s mood became slightly brighter.

Xie Xi came in and the waiter’s eyes lit up when he saw Xie Xi. “Xiao Xie, you’re back?”

Xie Xi, “…” He was a real celebrity!

Jiang Xie’s bright mood fell again.

Fortunately, the waiter didn’t say much. “Go to sit. I will help you place an order…” Then he saw Jiang Xie. “Is there a friend? Oh, it is the exchange student from Heaven?”

Xie Xi had to say, “Yes, I brought him to taste our specialty.”

The waiter smiled. “He looks very handsome. An angel’s face is truly good.”

Xie Xi and Jiang Xie didn’t know how to answer for a moment.

Fortunately, the waiter said, “Since you want to try the specialty, I will have them kill a male Lulu beast to give you a good supplement.”

Xie Xi said with a smile, “I am troubling you.”

The waiter was surprised. “Why are you so polite with me…?”

Xie Xi was afraid this person would say something and quickly interrupted. “I haven’t eaten it in a year and missed it.”

The waiter was very happy. “Yes, you can’t eat the delicious Lulu beast in Heaven. Wait and I guarantee you’ll be full of strength after eating. There is no problem going 300 rounds…”

Xie Xi really didn’t know if it was the Demon World or if his own succubus was too dirty. Why did he keep encountering these things?

Jiang Xie sat down without a word and Xie Xi didn’t know what to say…

Then Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “You have many friends.”

Xie Xi really didn’t have many friends but if Jiang Xie wanted him to have more friends then he could only have more friends. “Yes.”

“Heaven is too rigid. You must’ve lived a very restrained life.”

There was a pit in these words and Xie Xi sharply jumped over it. “No, I am very happy with you.”

These words swept away the haze that covered Jiang Xie for the whole day, finally bringing a smile to his eyes.

Xie Xi was relieved and the two people were finally able to chat.

After a while, the waiter came to serve them.

Xie Xi had already seen the pictures so he could be stable when he saw the whole Lulu beast.

It looked a bit like a sheep but was the size of a rooster. It looked quite fierce and combined with the Demon World’s style of plating, it was a tough appearance.

Jiang Xie was stunned when he saw it.

The waiter said, “I will give the Lulu treasure to the angel brother.”

What was the Lulu treasure? Xie Xi didn’t think too much.

Jiang Xie was a true angel and didn’t know what it was.

The waiter cut the Lulu beast a few times. Then he cut off a certain part of it and placed it on Jiang Xie’s plate.

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi understood and almost laughed.

The waiter winked. “Angel brother, refuel. This thing is a special supplement. If you eat it, you can ensure Xiao Xie can’t get out of bed.”

Xie Xi, “……………………”

The waiter sent an ‘Am I good?’ expression to Xie Xi. Xie Xi didn’t want to eat. He wanted to go under the table to calm down!

The moment the waiter left, the atmosphere of the box became strange. Jiang Xie squinted at the plate of Lu Lu treasure. “Have you eaten this?”

Xie Xi vaguely replied, “If you don’t want to eat then don’t eat.”

Jiang Xie lowered his eyes and whispered, “It’s fine. If it is safe then I should adapt.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Why was he so stubborn? In fact, he was thinking about the waiter’s words!

After eating, the two people went back. Xie Xi was able to control his clothes after becoming an adult and they wouldn’t disappear anymore.

Of course, Jiang Xie didn’t know this. He thought that Xie Xi had been in Heaven for a year and finally adapted. He became a demon who loved to wear clothes.

Back in the dormitory, Xie Xi started to arrange his things.

One bed was on the east side and one on the west side, while the appliances were the same.

A 1.5 metre bed was very crowded for two people to sleep. In Heaven, Jiang Xie secretly changed to a large bed and the two people slept comfortably.

Jiang Xie was making the bed when he saw a button beside it and curiously asked, “What is this?”

He pressed down and the two beds joined together with a loud sound.

Xie Xi, “…” Jiang Xie, what angel was he? This Demon World was his land of joy!

Jiang Xie also didn’t expect it.

Xie Xi opened his mouth. “This will save you from buying a bed.”

At this time, he saw that his side also had a button. He was from the Demon World and couldn’t ask what it was. He directly pressed it, wondering if it would separate the beds?

This there, there was a clear opening sound and Xie Xi’s beside opened. There was a pile of things inside.

Xie Xi stared and almost wanted to chop off his hands!

This thing… it was full of s*x supplies!

Jiang Xie’s ears turned red.

Xie Xi slammed the lid shut and even wanted to lock it.

Jiang Xie remembered that he was an angel and held back. “Shall we rest early?”

Xie Xi nodded. “I’m going to take a bath.”

During this time, Jiang Xie could be said to be thinking happily.

In Heaven, he had never used a black bed. Thus, he didn’t know that snow-white skin sleeping on black velvet sheets would be such a seductive scene.

Jiang Xie stared in a dazzled manner, as if he had seen the most beautiful pearl on the sea floor. He wanted to kiss Xie Xi.

The Lu Lu treasure’s efficacy was just a commercial gimmick and was actually useless. Still, if Xie Xi wasn’t a pure-blood succubus then he really wouldn’t be able to get out of bed the next morning.

Xie Xi indulged him because Jiang Xie had come to a strange place and ate a few jars of vinegar. It was very pitiful, especially since there was a high probability that he would have to eat several more jars…

The welcome party in the Demon World was held directly at the bar. Xie Xi accidentally discovered that only a few demons didn’t wear clothes.

Well, the Demon World had seven races after all. The other big demons were a bit open but didn’t see clothes as the enemy.

Jiang Xie was still respected as an exchange student from Heaven. Just as the angels watched Xie Xi, the demons looked at Jiang Xie in a strange manner.

A succubus took the initiative to hook him. “Tonight…”

Before she could finish, Jiang Xie declared, “I have a lover.”

Miss Succubus shrugged. “What about it? Come and try. The happiness here isn’t something you can have in Heaven.”

Jiang Xie’s demeanour was cold and he easily refused. “No.”

Miss Succubus didn’t keep trying and went to play with other demons. There were people on Jiang Xie’s side but Xie Xi was surrounded by a crowd.

A group of big demons in a suit or leather held glasses of wine and told him, “Xiao Xie, my hair became white while you were gone for the year.”

Another said, “I’m glad you’re back. I wanted to die.”

Others said, “No one is as good as you. Xiao Xie, tonight…”

Xie Xi couldn’t listen and hurriedly interrupted, “I have something to do and will go first.”

A great demon wondered, “Eh?”

Xie Xi thought that if he stayed longer, someone would become too sour!

Jiang Xie followed Xie Xi out and was silent on the way back to the dormitory.

Xie Xi told him, “I’m in love with you and won’t mess with them.”

Jiang Xie’s heart warmed but he was still very uncomfortable. “I’m fine. They are in the past and I don’t care.” He spoke well but he was actually dying of vinegar.

Xie Xi didn’t do anything wrong. Who made him a succubus? A succubus was such a creature.

Unexpectedly, there was a person blocking the door when they returned to the dormitory.

Jiang Xie’s face sank in an instant.

Xie Xi was worried!

The demon classmate opened his mouth. “Xiao Xie, please tonight…”

Jiang Xie couldn’t hear it. He opened the door and went inside.

Xie Xi hurriedly followed. Who would’ve expected the demon classmate to be slippery and follow them inside? “I know you have the angel brother but it is very difficult for us.”

Xie Xi glanced at Jiang Xie and said, “I won’t go out in the evening.”

The demon classmate replied, “That’s fine. I can come to you here.”

Xie Xi’s mouth curved downwards. “This is a double bedroom. Jiang Xie is also present.”

The demon student was chagrined. “Angels are really troublesome. They shouldn’t be shy about this thing.”

The demons were too open!

Jiang Xie’s face was as dark as the bottom of a pot.

The demon classmate refused to give up and kept pleading, “Xiao Xie, you can do well. Only you have the most resources and only you can make the most accurate guess. You can’t just take care of yourself and ignore us!”

Xie Xi, “???” What was this situation?

Not only was he stunned, Jiang Xie also froze.

The demon classmate spoke through snot and tears, “I really don’t understand the preferences of the s*x professor. I watched the movies and want to vomit. I finally handed it in and was scolded bloody. He said this wasn’t a helper film but an impotence film!”

Xie Xi’s reaction was half a beat slow and his face was incredulous. This demon wasn’t asking to sleep with him but was seeking resources?

The demon classmate once again spoke, “I really can’t fail this year! I won’t be able to get a job. I don’t want to be a skeleton soldier!” It was real.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...