Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Love Left or Right 6

At first glance, it seemed like the situation was broken.

The housekeeper died and Xie Xi didn’t have to make a choice. He could go directly to the vampire and survive the seven days.

Would it be that simple? Xie Xi hadn’t forgotten what day it was today.

If he went to the vampire, would he have to accept the first embrace? What was involved in the first embrace? He couldn’t forget what the vampire said last night—Satisfy him. How could he satisfy the vampire? Was it just sucking blood.

It couldn’t be… no…

Was selling his body a shortcut to clearing the game? Xie Xi’s scalp was numb and he didn’t dare think about it.

If this was an ordinary computer game, Xie Xi would’ve long deleted it and reported the author. Unfortunately, this wasn’t a computer game but a real world game that couldn’t be explained by common sense.

He couldn’t quit or give up. Xie Xi couldn’t know about the consequences of this death without loading the file.

He could only keep going!

***

“Old Xie is really fu*king shameless. What type of dog game is this? The silver-haired and silver-eyed elf with a natural prince-like attitude, but his image was completely gone once he opened his mouth. He exposed his nature as a dog wagging its tail.

The man opposite him was extremely well dressed, neckline tied tightly to his chin. Part from his face, not a single bit of skin was exposed. However, dressing in such a way couldn’t conceal his strong body. Combined with his unsmiling face, he had a strange appearance.

Yan Zhe stared at the water curtain. “It is really fu*ked up. If I was this child,I must kill Old Jiang.”

Qin Ge glanced at him and slightly raised his eyebrows. “Isn’t that the soul of Jiang Xie?”

“No way.” Yan Zhe rejoiced in the misfortune. “He actually put a soul in a novice world. No wonder why it is S-grade difficulty.”

Qin Ge asked again, “Is the reason why no one passed the game because they can’t enter the game?”

Yan Zhe said, “Well, to be able to receive the recognition of Jiang Xie’s soul, this child isn’t simple.”

Qin Ge glanced at the beautiful boy in the water curtain. “Is he underage?

Yan Zhe answered, “He is 19 years old. He just became an adult.”

“So young?”

“Old Jiang is an old cow eating young grass.”

Qin Ge asked after a moment, “The housekeeper is dead. Does he just need to accept the initial support to complete the task?”

“It can’t be that simple.” Yan Zhe smiled. “First, if his blood is sucked then he will become a vampire. This isn’t living.”

Qin Ge, “…”

Yan Zhe gloated, “The fact that he could get the recognition of Jiang Xie’s soul indicates that the child and Old Xie’s fit is very high. Old Xie forced him into this damn game, wouldn’t the child really hate him?”

Qin Ge argued. “He isn’t suffering. The first mission is a S-grade world.If it is cleared, he can get…”

Yan Zhe interrupted him. “He will definitely clear it.”

Qin Ge looked at him with amazement, wondering why he was so certain.

Yan Zhe explained, “It is Old Xie’s soul that raised the world level. In fact, the mission isn’t difficult in the novice range. The child is also smart and chose the right privilege. He has already more than half cleared the instance.”

Qin Ge looked at the detailed data. “There is no limit to loading the file and fatal injuries won’t cause pain. This really isn’t difficult.”

Yan Zhe smiled. “Unfortunately, the content of this game is too fu*king terrible. That child will have his three views broken.”

Qin Ge, “…” It really seemed like it.

“It’s a pity I have to go out on a mission.” Yan Zhe made a regretful expression. “I can’t see Old Xie dying.”

***

Xie Xi didn’t know this and left the scene of death.

The housekeeper died and his blood flowed to the ground. Unfortunately, Xie Xi didn’t have the ability to clean up and could only temporarily leave it.

What should he do next? Xie Xi couldn’t accept the first embrace but he also couldn’t go to the promised meeting place.

He could only go to the earl’s house first and work on Aix-en. It was only six days so perhaps he could drag out the time for the first embrace.

He thought this but Xie Xi instinctively knew it wouldn’t be so easy.

It was strange. The huge mansion was empty but it didn’t feel like it when Randy was here. Once he died, the castle overflowing with stillness, like a grave.

Xie Xi wasn’t afraid. After all, he was a person who had died three times.

He went to find the coachman himself, arranged a carriage and prepared to go to the earl’s house to find the vampire Aix-en.

Originally, his plan was to use words to motivate the housekeeper and let him deal with the vampire. He never thought that he would send the housekeeper to the road of suicide with one sentence… he could only change the plan and delay the time with Aix-en.

The carriage left the manor and Xie Xi enjoyed the beautiful idyllic scenery.

This was a beautiful scene that couldn’t be scene in the bustling city of modern society. The sky was clear, the wind blew through the grass and the lotus flowers in the pool were shaking delicately.

Xie Xi observed carefully and couldn’t find any flaws in it. The game was more realistic than reality.

Suddenly, the carriage shook. Xie Xi held the handle firmly and barely supported his body.

“What…” He was about to ask when the door of the carriage opened and the coachman stared at him with a ferocious expression.

Xie Xi’s heart jumped and he got a bad feeling.

The coachman’s eyes were full of malice and resentment as he held a sharp dagger. “There is no Randy here. Sein Hall, let’s see who will protect you!”

There was nowhere to hide in the narrow carriage and Xie Xi also didn’t want to hide.

He took the time to ask. “Why do you want to kill me?”

“Why?” The resentment in the coachman’s eyes reached the peak. “You are sinister and evil. Who in the empire doesn’t want to kill you?”

“I…” Xie Xi couldn’t finish the sentence as the coachman’s dagger pierced his heart.

“Hahaha, it serves you right.” The coachman was crazy. “I want to see if your heart is black, devil who climbed up from hell…”

His voice drifted off and Xie Xi read the file in time.

There were no extra options and he could only choose to go back to last night.

Then… he couldn’t let Randy die? He could get some information from the coachman’s words. This body wasn’t a simple aristocratic son. He had too many enemies and the housekeeper Randy wasn’t simple. It was only when Randy was alive that he could avoid being assassinated by others.

Was it possible for incite Randy and the vampire to fight?

It seemed that his original plan was right but he had to choose his words more carefully. He couldn’t let the housekeeper commit suicide!

He just made up his mind when the silver-haired vampire appeared out of thin air. This was the third time and Xie Xi was used to this sneaky ghost.

The vampire’s lines were almost the same as last time but the confession was more unhinged. “Small Sein, I really want to dig out my heart for you, letting you see how much it loves you.”

Xie Xi was afraid his words really would make the vampire dig out his heart and spoke carefully. “Don’t say that.”

The vampire’s beautiful red eyes were full of infatuation. “See you tomorrow. My sweetest baby.”

Xie Xi, “…” He heard it so many times that it didn’t seem so disgusting anymore.

The vampire went away and he dealt with Randy. Then Xie Xi finally arrived at the crucial second day.

This time, he didn’t muddy up the water or act unclear. He directly asked, “Randy, no matter what happens, will you be loyal to me?”

Sure enough, this was the correct way to speak. The housekeeper knelt down on one knee and spoke in a pious manner. “It is my life’s wish to share Young Master’s worries.”

Xie Xi looked at him in a condescending manner. “Do you know the identity of Earl Aix-en?”

The housekeeper’s head was lowered but he clearly stiffened up. Then he sighed. “The earl has long died. He is a vampire who only exists in the darkness.”

Xie Xi thought, ‘You’ve know it for a long time!’

“Then do you know what day it is today?” Xie Xi stared at him.

Randy looked up, a black mist in his blue eyes. “Have you made up your mind?”

“I don’t want to be something that isn’t a ghost.” Xie Xi raised a hand to Randy’s left shoulder and watched him. “Can you help me?”

Clear flames burned in the housekeeper’s eyes as his thin lips trembled. “Young Master…”

“He is powerful and I made a deal with him to protect the house. Now he is pushing and I…” Xie Xi wasn’t proficient at acting yet and couldn’t say the rest of the words.

Fortunately, this route was right. Randy held his hand and whispered to him, “You don’t love him, do you?”

Xie Xi finally spoke the truth in his heart. “I don’t love him.”

The housekeeper closed his eyes, looking like someone resurrected from the dead. He kissed the back of Xie Xi’s hand in a pious manner. “As long as you are clear about your mind, leave it to me.”

Xie Xi was anxious. “He isn’t human and he is powerful. You…”

“Don’t worry about me.” The housekeeper stared at him, eyes full of unreserved loyalty and love. “Wait for me to come back.”

Xie Xi’s concern wasn’t false. The reason might be different but he said sincerely, “Take care.” He hoped the two of them could fight for six days and six nights to help him complete the task.

Before Randy departed, he instructed Xie Xi, “…Please don’t leave the mansion.”

Xie Xi thought of the coachman who assassinated him and nodded solemnly. “I won’t go anywhere until you come back.”

Randy’s eyes were bright and gentle. “I will live up to your expectations.”

He sent away the housekeeper and Xie Xi was nervous all morning and afternoon. It wasn’t until it was almost evening that he was relieved.

It seemed this was the right way. He had to encourage the housekeeper to deal with the vampire.

The outcome wasn’t known but the silver-haired vampire hadn’t rushed over angrily.

Randy wasn’t here so the person who changed his clothing was the maid Gars.

Xie Xi didn’t think too much when he saw this game again. Only one day had passed in this world but many days had passed for him. He had finally cleared a stage and he was slightly relaxed.

Gars carefully helped him take off his clothes. As his shirt was being untied, she suddenly whispered, “Young Master, can’t it be me?”

Xie Xi didn’t hear her clearly. “Hrmm?”

The girl, who was half a head taller than him, stared him in the eyes. “The things that Randy can do, I can also do it. The things that Aix-en can give you, I can as well.”

Xie Xi’s eyes narrowed as he understood and looked up at Gars.

Gars’ cool voice became hoarse and she no longer pretended to be delicate as she was filled with a youthful anger. “Randy can’t come back. Look at me more, okay?”

At this moment, Xie Xi saw the throat of the ‘maid’ which had been obscured by lace.

Gars raised Xie Xi’s hand and pressed it against Gars’ flat chest, which didn’t have the ups and downs of a female.

“Can you feel it?” The boy’s low-pitched voice was full of affection. “This heart belongs only to you.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...