Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 9 Boundaries 3

It didn’t matter who was big or who was small. If he kept pressing down then Cancer was going to be crushed into a patty by him!

Xie Xi quickly moved in order to let Jiang Xie out.

Unfortunately, he changed from a small ball to a big ball and his balance was even worse. This move caused him to suddenly…

“Ouch…” Xie Xi let out a loud cry as he hit a tree and knocked himself dizzy.

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi had this type of body. How could an ordinary tree trunk bear it? The apple tree barely managed not to fall down but a lot of apples fell.

The big red apples fell to the ground against the furry ball. This image was really…

Jiang Xie couldn’t smile but heat flowed in his heart and warmed up his cold heart. This was his last family member. It might not be a person but it was still a small tit. (TL: small songbird)

Jiang Xie leaned over and asked, “Are you okay?”

Xie Xi wasn’t okay. His head hurt!

Jiang Xie looked him over. “How did you suddenly become so big?”

Xie Xi complained, “I want to know too!”

After hearing his chirping and seeing the black eyes full of grievances, Jiang Xie spoke softly, “Don’t be afraid. It’s fine as long as there are no problems with your body.”

Xie Xi couldn’t communicate with this person and could only listen.

This world really wasn’t simple. First, there was the earthquake. Then how did he suddenly become bigger? Was it a problem of the world or was it a problem with his bird?

Xie Xi didn’t know and could only wait and see.

Strangely, Xie Xi noticed that Jiang Xie had been hungry for two days and nights but now he was refreshed and looked full.

Was it due to the blue light? If it made Xie Xi bigger then what effect did it have on Jiang Xie? Xie Xi carefully noted down all these doubts.

Jiang Xie patted the dust off Xie Xi’s body and coughed in the process. “So dirty…”

Xie Xi looked over at him.

Jiang Xie couldn’t bear the pitiful little eyes and had to say, “I know that you are dirty because of me.” He paused before continuing, “It has been hard for you these two days.”

It was very magical. The small, silver-neck long-tailed tit faced such a disaster and not only didn’t he fly away, he stayed with Jiang Xie and brought so much fruit, as if afraid that Jiang Xie would starve to death.

Little Chirp was very small and his body wasn’t even as big as an apple. It must’ve been really hard to drag so many fruits.

Jiang Xie remembered how the bird’s furry head rubbed against his hand but at that time, Jiang Xie was unwilling to respond.

Now that he thought about it, this was the bird’s way of comforting him.

In this situation, Jiang Xie was temporarily unable to figure out the reason but he could feel Little Chirp’s dependence on him.

There were each other’s last family members and he would take care of Little Chirp no matter what.

Jiang Xie regained his spirit. “There is a stream over there. I will take you to have a bath.”

Xie Xi also disliked his dirty body. HIs feathers stained with ash were uncomfortable, making his body heavy and stinky. If he hadn’t been worried about Jiang Xie then he would’ve already gone to wash himself.

Xie Xi cried out and Jiang Xie knew he understood. Then Jiang Xie asked, “Can you walk?”

He couldn’t hold such a fat Little Chirp in his palm.

Xie Xi cried out, “I’ll try it!”

He had rolled over and hit something, making himself a bit dizzy, but his feathers were thick and he hadn’t hurt himself.

Now he staggered and stood up. His two short legs were completely hidden under his body and he couldn’t move at all.

Xie Xi looked at Jiang Xie, “…”

Jiang Xie suggested, “Can you fly?”

This reminded Xie Xi that he had become a bird and was really suitable for flapping his wings and flying.

He flapped his wings and his legs managed to get off the ground. Then…

What else was there?

Don’t think about flying in the sky like before! He could only make this round body go up three centimeters before he exhausted all his strength!

Jiang Xie’s grief-filled eyes finally shone with some light. “Okay, let’s go like this. The stream is very close.”

Xie Xi followed Jiang Xie to the edge of the stream.

He could see himself…

He was a grey ball. Even the black feathers on his wings were invisible and he was terribly dirty.

Jiang Xie told him, “The water isn’t deep. Don’t be afraid.”

Xie Xi also discovered this and he threw himself into the water.

Fortunately, most of the dust had floated on his body and they fell off with vigorous movements. The hair on his chest was relatively thin but particularly smooth. Thus, they were easily cleaned. It didn’t take much time before Xie Xi finished cleaning himself.

He went ashore and shook his feathers in the bright sunshine.

Jiang Xie watched from the shore as the grey little guy turned as white as snow.

Little Chirp had become bigger but he hadn’t changed. He had a pair of small black eyes, a pointed little mouth and a snowy round body. Everything was cute.

He seemed to be aware of Jiang Xie’s gaze and the fat head cocked to the side. “Chirp?”

The enlarged version of the head tilt doubled its power.

The ice around Jiang Xie’s heart turned to soft water, injecting life into his cold and wet body.

Xie Xi’s feathers were very magical. Once he washed them and shook them, they soon dried.

He glanced at Jiang Xie and thought this person must be thinking about Father Jiang again. Xie Xi moved closer in order to coax him.

It was just that Xie Xi underestimated his body shape and fell, causing Jiang Xie to be buried in the hair of his chest.

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie was surprised. He had never touched something so soft and warm and took some time to respond.

Xie Xi was anxious. “Is it stuffy?”

Jiang Xie stretched out his hand and hugged the bird firmly. “Little Chirp.”

He could still talk so he seemed okay!

Xie Xi sighed. “Yes.

Jiang Xie whispered, “…Thank you.”

He didn’t care much about this bird previously. The bird was picked up by his father and raised after brought back.

On the most difficult days, Jiang Xie stared at the bird that wasn’t much bigger than two fingers. He thought that it was best if this bird was a chicken. He could raise it and then kill it for his father’s body.

Unfortunately, Little Chirp wasn’t big. He was always an egg-sized ball and once his hair was removed, it was estimated there would be nothing left.

The only gratifying thing was that this little bird ate less and could accompany his father to relieve his boredom. Thus, Jiang Xie temporarily raised it.

Now…

Jiang Xie was very glad that his father had picked up the bird and that the bird stayed with him.

They had lost the person who loved them the most. It would be good if they could be friends with each other since it was much better than being alone.

Xie Xi and Jiang Xie stayed in the outskirts of the city for a few days.

They had nothing but didn’t lack for anything.

There was a farm next to them. Perhaps it was due to the disaster but no one was at the farm.

There was no one present but there were many poultry and livestock, as well as a barn full of food. Xie Xi might be big now but even he couldn’t eat all of it.

At first, Xie Xi thought that Jiang Xie was going to recuperate before going out to find news. Slowly, he discovered that Jiang Xie was taking care of Xie Xi and refused to go out.

The big silver-neck long-tailed tit was so eye-catching that Jiang Xie was afraid Xie Xi would be taken away. Thus, he hid here.

Still, it wasn’t possible to always hide like this. Xie Xi wanted to know the situation outside and what the world was like.

Fortunately, they didn’t have to go out because some people came to their door.

At first, Xie Xi came up with a good idea. There were food and water on the farm but no suitable clothes.

Jiang Xie would wash his clothes at night and wear them during the day. If Xie Xi took his clothes, would Jiang Xie go out?

Xie Xi wasn’t afraid of Jiang Xie’s anger since he wouldn’t lose this person anyway.

Every day, Jiang Xie would go to take care of the chickens, ducks, pigs and sheep. In a world where the situation was unknown, these were important rations and they should be raised well.

After finishing these things, Jiang Xie went back to take a shower. Xie Xi used this time to pick up his clothes to do bad things.

Unexpectedly, Jiang Xie was aware of this and came out with a naked body. “Don’t play around with clothes.”

Xie Xi ignored him and continued to bite the clothes.

Jiang Xie didn’t know if he should laugh or cry as he went forward. “Be obedient. I will find something else for you to play with.”

Xie Xi exclaimed, “Boy, it is time for you to go out and see!”

“Give me the clothes and I will go to catch insects for you tomorrow.”

Xie Xi, “……”

He already wanted to be gentle but now he had to be more vigorous.

He could only get past Jiang Xie to rob the clothes. Xie Xi’s bird beak fell on Jiang Xie and focused carefully. Of course, he didn’t hurt Jiang Xie and ended up getting the clothes taken away.

Xie Xi was very angry. This round body was too inconvenient.

Jiang Xie looked at the clothes torn by the beak and knocked on the drooping head. “Little scoundrel.”

Xie Xi felt a buzzing from his head and then a flower was in front of him. He looked up to see the huge Jiang Xie…

What happened?

Jiang Xie watched Little Chirp disappear and panicked. Then he heard chirping from below him.

Xie Xi was blinking at him.

Jiang Xie picked him up and asked in a very confused manner, “You became smaller again?”

Yes, how did he become smaller?

Xie Xi had adapted to his previous perspective and now he was reduced to the size of two thick fingers. One person and one bird couldn’t figure out what was going on.

At this time, voices were heard outside.

“Is it safe here?”

“Go in and see.”

“What are you afraid of? Monsters are nothing.”

“You fu*ker, Yan Zhe only has so much blood. What will we do if he runs out?”

Xie Xi heard this sentence and was stunned.

Yan Zhe… God Yan, the unique healer of Central? Impossible, how could God Yan be in this quasi-world?

It should just be the same name. Apart from this possibility, Xie Xi couldn’t think of anything else.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...