Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Bonus ko-fi chapter

Lost Atlantis 11

The third prince had been to a battlefield and wasn’t angry. At this moment, he was impassioned and he shook the mood of the people on the seabed.

There was originally an irreconcilable contradiction between the sea and land. Now the prince’s death caused it to ignite and explode in an instant.

“The land people are too deceitful!”

“How dare they kill our prince! It is outrageous!”

“The pro-land dogs are too optimistic. The land people are pooping on our heads!”

“Down with the land people! Down with the land people! Down with the land people!”

This slogan was chanted, the loud noise causing waves to surge. Xie Xi was in the centre and became unstable from this vortex.

The fifth prince grabbed him by the waist and pulled him to the side.

Xie Xi looked up while in this bad posture and saw hatred in the fifth prince’s carefree eyes.

Xie Xi’s heart thumped.

He checked the information and was very clear that the fifth prince was part of the land-faction. He dissociated himself from the struggle for the three and borrowed his mother’s attitude, supporting the peace-minded monarch.

He didn’t want to start a war with the land people and hoped that the two sides would live in peace, not interfering with each other. Now… the death of the sixth prince broke this possibility.

If even the fifth prince of the pro-land faction felt hatred towards the land people, imagine the others.

The sixth prince wasn’t valued but he was still a prince of the empire, a symbol of the empire.

The land people killed him, which was tantamount to declaring war on the sea floor!

Putting aside his task, Xie Xi didn’t like war at all, not to mention that he couldn’t let the sixth prince die.

There is a new tip in the lower right corner: [Please note that the current save point will disappear after 10 minutes.]

This meant there was no chance if he didn’t load the file now. Did he still need to think about it? Xie Xi chose to read the file.

After a slight dizziness, Xie Xi returned to two days ago and stood in front of the sixth prince.

The sixth prince was asking him, “What’s wrong?”

Xie Xi couldn’t recall the situation for a moment and replied in the same way, “Nothing.”

Then he remembered the save point and felt a bit flustered. Xie Xi sighed and tried to ask, “When will Your Highness leave?”

He shouldn’t have asked. It was only after he finished speaking that he remembered.

Sure enough, the sixth prince said, “Tomorrow morning.”

“This subordinate knows this is offensive but… “Xie Xi looked up seriously. “Your Highness, can you not go to the land?”

The sixth prince was shocked.

Xie Xi decided to play a straight ball. “The land is dangerous. Why should your noble body take the risk?”

These words flowed into Sirius’ heart like a warm current. His eyes lightened and he said softly, “The land isn’t as dangerous as you think. I’ve been up there many times and it’s fine.”

How was it fine? He lost his life!

Xie Xi asked anxiously, “Must you go?”

The sixth prince’s heart was warm. He normally didn’t speak many words but now he was talkative. “Rest assured, I will come back in two or three days.”

Xie Xi didn’t care about the progress bar rising and asked again, “Can this subordinate go with you?”

The sixth prince’s body stiffened. He obviously didn’t expect Xie Xi to say such a thing.

Xie Xi couldn’t let him die again. He stared at the prince and wondered, “Is it okay?”

The sixth prince looked at him with puzzled eyes. “Why?”

The excuse that Xie Xi came up with was very lame. “This subordinate hasn’t been up to land and wants to see it.”

“You just said that the land is dangerous.”

Xie Xie Xi blocked him. “Didn’t Your Highness say that the land isn’t as dangerous as I think?”

The prince was so worried that he had forgotten.

However, the more he thought about it, the faster his heartbeat became.

For so many years, almost no one had taken the initiative to speak to him, let alone wish him well. The person in front of him gave him food and sent him his father’s gift. Now…

The sixth prince’s eyes were extremely gentle. “Don’t worry, I really will be fine. I will come back in two or three days.”

Xie Xie Xi was obstinate. “If there really is nothing wrong, why can’t you take a subordinate? Your Highness, do you have anyone to serve you while travelling?”

“…” The sixth prince was used to being alone and there was no one to serve him.

Xie Xi said this but he hadn’t thought the sixth prince actually went alone and died in a foreign land. This was too miserable.

He slowed down his voice. “Your Highness, take this subordinate to see the world. I have never left the sea.”

The sixth prince couldn’t refuse this softness. “Okay, I will take you to see it. The land is also very interesting.”

Xie Xi was a land person and how could he be curious about the land? However, he was happy to be able to block the sixth prince’s death and smile. “Yes! Your Highness, I will see you tomorrow!”

The sixth prince was swayed by his smile and called out his name. “Sein.”

Xie Xi was used to this name and replied, “Hmm?”

The sixth prince shook his head. “It’s nothing. You still have errands to run so go ahead.”

Then he smiled. The different coloured pupils gave off an unknown feeling but once he smiled, the colour lightened. It was as if the clear sky was merging with the gentlest sunrise, creating a gentle and beautiful light.

Xie Xie Xi felt awkward and left with a bow.

Roast Pork Bun screamed, “Really handsome! He is worthy of being my future father!”

Xie Xi raised the bun and rubbed his little head. “Who is your father, huh?”

Roast Pork Bun spoke unclear words, “Mommy is baba, ouch ouch…”

Xie Xi rubbed harder.

Thanks to his last experience, Xie Xi didn’t waste time going to the eldest prince and fourth prince. He used the Camouflage technique to fill in the identity of his other two faces, giving himself a fake identity.

It was lucky he had the reserve faces or these things would’ve worried him to death.

Even so, it was troublesome. Xie Xi could only hope that this time, the sixth prince was successfully saved and he wouldn’t have to load the file again!

Xie Xi held Roast Pork Bun and went to sleep. The next day, he was full of energy and psychologically prepared.

The sixth prince was really ‘poor.’ The fifth prince could freely go to see a concert while the sixth prince had to go on a business trip, only bringing Xie Xi. In addition, Xie Xi was the one who volunteered to go.

Halfway through the bow, the sixth prince smiled and helped him up. “The land is different from the sea. There is no need to be so courteous.”

“This subordinate is stupid. There are some things I don’t understand so I am asking Your Highness to forgive me.”

The sixth prince corrected him. “Don’t call me Your Highness or call yourself my subordinate.”

Xie Xi pretended to be surprised. “How can this be done?”

The sixth prince explained, “The land is different from the sea. They have abolished the monarchy and their social structure is more equal.”

Xie Xi certainly knew this but still had to pretend to be surprised. “The land people are really wild. They don’t understand courtesy.”

The sixth prince was patient. “Isn’t equality good? No matter the status, everyone has a chance to get ahead.’’

Xie Xi’s brain circuits were attuned to the undersea people. “Still, how can civilians compare to the royal family?”

“Why can’t they compare?”

“Only the royal family has strong mana and can transform their perfect legs.”

The sixth prince’s pupils shrank. “If you eat enough, who can grow these two pieces of meat?”

Xie Xi was surprised.

Roast Pork Bun was different and cried out with wonder, “A handsome guy speaking such words!”

Xie Xi, “…” The good atmosphere was destroyed by this roast pork.

The sixth prince glanced at Xie Xi. “If you go ashore, you have to walk on legs.”

Xie Xi had walked on legs for 19 years and was probably more proficient than the sixth prince. It was a pity he still had to act. “Is it hard?”

“It will be hard at first but don’t worry, I’ll help you.”

“Then I will trouble Your Highness.”

“Call me Sirius.”

Xie Xi called his name and the sixth prince smiled. “It is the first time I’ve felt that my name is so nice.”

Xie Xi, “…”

The damn Roast Pork Bun shouted, “Ahhh, the handsome man can talk!”

Xie Xi really wanted to throw this roast pork away!

The sixth prince spoke again, “We will arrive on land in one hour. I will first help you transform your legs.”

Xie Xi’s mana wasn’t sufficient enough to have legs but the sixth prince could help him.

Xie Xi nodded.

The sixth prince asked Xie Xi to sit on the chair with his tail to one side.

Then the sixth prince knelt before him and placed a hand on the fish tail. It was really quite wonderful. The sixth prince always had a sullen face in the past and didn’t look at strangers. After people became familiar with him, they would find that his character was simple. It was just that he didn’t know how to get along with people.

It made Xie Xi think of himself. Before coming to this inexplicable world, he was also like this. He was abandoned by his father, abandoned by his mother and isolated by the whole world. He could only live alone in his own world, dazed and helpless…

“It might be a bit uncomfortable. Please bear with it.” The sixth prince softly told him.

Xie Xi’s spirit returned and he nodded. “It is fine…”

Before he could finish, he experienced an unbearable itching. It would’ve felt better to experience pain than this terrible itching. It was as if his whole tail was lightly electrocuted.

The sixth prince look up and asked in a slightly hoarse voice, “Is it painful?”

Xie Xi bit his lower lip and shook his head. “No.”

“I have controlled the strength so it shouldn’t hurt. Still, I will do it a bit slower.”

Xie Xi would rather he hurry up and finish it. This was too uncomfortable.

The always unpleasant Roast Pork Bun covered his eyes with a paw, squinting through a slight gap. “Good, good se*ual air!”

If Xie Xi could move then he would grab this roast pork and throw him away!

There was some silence in the cabin. Once the sixth prince’s hands were removed, Xie Xi was finally freed from this damn numbness. He took a breath and calmed his emotions.

The sixth prince’s Adam’s Apple moved as he whispered, “Take a break. I will call you when we are almost at the shore.”

Xie Xi wasn’t sure when the accident would happen and didn’t want to be separated from him. “I’m fine. Your Majesty, stay here.”

The sixth prince, “…”

Xie Xi didn’t notice any problems with his words but the progress bar rushed to 13%, surpassing the fifth prince!

Xie Xi was stunned and couldn’t figure out exactly what was going on.

The sixth prince coughed, the tips of his ears slightly red as he asked, “Do you want to get up and try walking?”

Xie Xi, who was afraid the prince would die after leaving his sight, replied with a simple, “Okay.”

He had been walking for 19 years. How could he forget it right away? Unexpectedly, he found that his legs were powerless and useless once he stood up.

“Eh…” Xie Xi almost fell.

The sixth prince quickly held him. “Don’t worry.”

Xie Xi grabbed his arm as support and barely managed to stand.

The sixth prince was afraid Xie Xi would be disappointed and explained, “You are used to a fish tail. Now that it has become two legs, you need to slowly adapt.”

Xie Xi was a genuine two-legged being! Unexpectedly, he couldn’t walk after a few days of having a fish tail!

“Your Highness, sit down? I’ll try while supporting myself against the wall.”

“It doesn’t matter. You can hold onto me.”

Xie Xi was still worried about the prince dying and wasn’t polite. He held onto the prince’s arms and tried to adapt to his legs.

After Xie Xi gritted his teeth for more than 10 minutes, the sixth prince smiled. “Very good.”

Xie Xi, “…” How was this good? He was bow-legged.

The sixth prince continued, “When I just gained legs, I treated it as swimming with two tails.”

“You were very young at the time.”

“My big brothers could walk on their feet when they were three years old.”

Xie Xi’s heart stirred as he thought about the sentence the sixth prince just said. If everyone could eat well, would they grow legs? Were the legs innate from birth?

Xie Xi told him, “You are no worse than anyone else.”

As soon as he said this, the blue progress bar shot up again to 15%!

Xie Xi was a bit excited. If the sixth prince’s progress exceeded 17%, did this mean he didn’t have to pick up so many fish?

By the time they finally landed, Xie Xi had adapted to his legs and could walk steadily with the sixth prince’s help.

The sixth prince said, “Drink this.”

This was a water retention agent developed by the underwater world. After taking it, the mermaids wouldn’t become dehydrated on land. However, there was a time limit on it. It only lasted for up to three days.

Xie Xi drank it.

The sixth prince saw the white neck. His eyes widened and he looked away.

Xie Xi put down the empty bottle. “It tastes good. It is sweet.”

The sixth prince smiled. “Get ready. We’re going ashore now.”

Xie Xi nodded. “No problem.”

What was the problem? He was a native land person! It was a pity that this thought disappeared as soon as he left the water.

It was dry, hot and uncomfortable.

Xie Xi frowned. It was like he was walking into a sauna. He couldn’t open his eyes from the hot air blowing into his face.

The sixth prince’s voice was heard in his ears. “Don’t be afraid. Try to breathe.”

Xie Xi held his arm, closed his eyes and breathed for a bit until he finally got used to it.

Who would’ve thought of this? A land person wouldn’t be able to adapt to the air on land one day.

A faint coolness came from the palm of the sixth prince. Xie Xi found that he was covered with a thin layer of water and the hot feeling faded. He was suddenly more comfortable.

The sixth prince told him, “Adapt slowly. There are no land people here.”

Xie Xi’s body was covered with a faint layer of water. If ordinary people saw this then they would probably yell.

Xie Xi saw the thin beads of sweat on the sixth prince and knew that maintaining the water was draining his power. Xie Xi shook his head and said, “No, I have to adapt sooner or later…”

He hadn’t finished when he felt the air splitting apart.

Xie Xi was surprised but his dull body couldn’t avoid the incoming bullet.

It was aimed for the middle of his forehead and he would undoubtedly die.

Then the sixth prince took Xie Xi into his arms, blocking the bullet with his back.

Xie Xi’s eyes widened.

Sirius’ brow was furrowed and his different coloured eyes extremely gentle. “…Go back to the boat.” Blood spilled from the corners of his mouth.

Xie Xi didn’t delay and immediately loaded the file!

***

The Central Garden.

Jiang Xie looked at the degree of goodwill.

The many days of ‘red rain’ finally stopped but he felt a bit complicated about the floating green +1.

The goodwill had gone up. It was green.

It was really doing something for the occasion.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...