Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 36

It had been a while and Xie Xi had long thought of the names for the five people.

In fact, he didn’t deliberately think of them. They just naturally appeared in his mind.

Under the domineering Azure Dragon illustration, Xie Xi wrote Long Yin (Dragon Secret).

Under the arrogant White Tiger illustration, Xie Xi wrote Bai Hong (White Rainbow).

Under the gorgeous Vermilion Bird illustration, Xie Xi wrote Feng Yan (Phoenix Late/Quiet).

Under the elegant Nine Tails illustration, Xie Xi wrote Hu Jiu (Fox Nine).

The last illustration was Houqing, who was the only human figure. The different coloured eyes seemed to pierce Xie Xi’s heart from the paper.

Xie Xi’s hand gently rubbed the different coloured eyes and he smiled slightly. He wrote down the ‘West’ character.

“What are you doing?” The usual calm voice was full of panic and uneasiness as Houqing rushed towards Xie Xi.

Xie Xi didn’t look up and wrote down the last one…

Xie Xi wondered softly, “Xi Yong (West Harmony), do you like this name?” Then he glanced at Houqing.

Houqing’s different coloured eyes were lit to the extreme. His thin lips trembled and his voice shook, “Why?” Why give them names and why leave them?

Xie Xi took his hand. “You have to live well.”

Houqing held his hand, veins bulging and his whole body was tense to the extreme. “Why lie?”

Xie Xi stared at him with affection. “Only 80 years is too little.”

A human’s life span was too short. Houqing’s fate was to die from old age and Xie Xi couldn’t let him die like that.

Houqing held him, voice extremely hoarse. “But now I… I haven’t even lived to 80 years.”

The words struck Xie Xi’s heart. It was impossible for him to not give them names. He couldn’t leave their existence unacknowledged and couldn’t watch them die after a short time. Because… this wasn’t the end, nor should it be the end.

“Promise me.” Xie Xi felt his body becoming very light and he called out with his last strength. “Live well!”

He left behind this feeble sentence as he became a shadow that scattered in the air.

Then the door opened and the breathless White Tiger yelled, “Why didn’t you stop him? Why didn’t you stop him?” He waved his fist and struck Houqing in the face. Houqing had lost his soul and he remained motionless as blood spilled out.

“It is this god’s wisdom, this damn thing!” White Tiger used all his strength to hit the god’s wisdom but it was something that didn’t belong to this world. It quietly lay there and showed no wrinkles.

Xie Xi thought he would be popped up but he integrated into the world and saw everything.

He saw the flower world decaying in an instant, the flowers crying and the five souls falling apart.

White Tiger angrily left the flower world and went to the Holy Mountain.

Azure Dragon stood in the withered sea of flowers for three springs and autumns.

Vermilion Bird grew up overnight and found Azure Dragon. He declared that the flower god wasn’t dead and he must be asleep. They should find him!

Houqing took the god’s wisdom to the Demon Sea and looked through it countless times.

Nine Tails found him and his words were the same as Vermilion Bird. Xie Xi wasn’t dead. He was somewhere in this world and would definitely come back!

Xie Xi didn’t want to leave them with such an obsession. It was too painful. It took a long time to forget a dead person and he couldn’t bear to let their hearts be bitten by despair and pain.

In particular, they had to live for such a long time and it would be crueler than death.

Xie Xi didn’t want this. It might be the quasi-world setting but he didn’t want Jiang Xie to have such painful memories.

As this idea grew stronger and more obsessive, the drawings in the god’s wisdom slowly disappeared…

They weren’t gone, it was just that no one could see them anymore.

Countless carefully drawn images became blank pieces of paper. Houqing, who guarded the god’s wisdom, saw this scene and despair filled his heart.

His memories started to disappear as all the memories in the god’s wisdom faded. The other four came in a hurry but they were the same…

The drawings in the god’s wisdom gradually disappeared and their memories were erased. Once the god’s wisdom lost its ability and became blank paper, they all forgot.

Xie Xi sighed with relief when he saw this. Forgetting allowed them to get through the countless years.

However, once a long time passed and they saw Xie Xi again, they still fell deeply in love with him. This might just be the romance of the soul but it was also the most profound attachment to Xie Xi.

80 years later, the human Houqing died. He was born again from the grave as the zombie ancestor and became the real Houqing.

In another 10 years, White Tiger’s frenzied slaughter caused the black teeth monster to evolve. White Tiger struggled with it for more than 10 days and gradually fell into a disadvantage due to a lack of strength. Then Houqing found him and the two of them completely ended this evil thing born from chaos. They completely rationalized the Holy Mountain and Demon Sea that the flor god created.

In another 200 years, with the help of White Tiger, Vermilion Bird was reborn from fire and became the first sage of the Holy Mountain. As the last of Nine Tails divinity scattered, he was recused by Azure Dragon and became the first demon ancestor of the Demon Sea.

Another 200 years passed and a thunder tribulation fell on the Holy Mountain. Azure Dragon covered the sky and guarded the thousands of creatures living on the Holy Mountain. He was seriously injured but because he comprehended the path of no desires, he cultivated to a higher level and became the second sage of the Holy Mountain.

In their original destinies, they would die from aging, fighting, fire, divinity being extinguished and thunder tribulation. However, Xie Xi gave them names and allowed them to escape death, making them the supreme powers of the continent.

This was actually all interlocked.

If Houqing had died at 80 years old, he wouldn’t help White Tiger and White Tiger would’ve died. Then Nine Tails would’ve found it hard to survive.

White Tiger died and Vermilion Bird couldn’t endure the fire. As for the last Azure Dragon, if he didn’t forget those memories then how could he have no desires? Without this cultivation path, he wouldn’t have survived the thunder.

Xie Xi didn’t believe in fate but all of this was under the shadow of fate. However, fate wasn’t constant. Under fate, they still had freedom!

Xie Xi knew it wasn’t over yet. He waited for Houqing or White Tiger to think of everything. Why did they think of the flower God?

Xie Xi didn’t know how much time passed but it seemed to be getting closer…

White Tiger always hated Houqing. Even if he forgot everything, his hatred of Houqing remained deep in his bone marrow.

White Tiger still hated Houqing despite his help with the black teeth monster. White Tiger wanted to kill Houqing and this obsession couldn’t be shaken.

However, Houqing was an immortal zombie. No matter how hard White Tiger tried, there was only a die.

Nevertheless, White Tiger never gave up. He went into closed practice and after a breakthrough, he went to find Houqing again.

Houqing fought him and the two of them tied again.

After fighting for countless years, the two people’s innate cultivation climbed and they successively created a baby spirit. The birth of the baby spirit allowed them to slowly recover the sealed memories.

This confused Xie Xi. He had integrated with the world but there was still a limit to his power. He still their memories with his will but this wasn’t without a solution.

As long as they cultivated, they could break through the imprisonment set by him and slowly think of everything.

Xie Xi felt mixed when he saw that Houqing and White Tiger retained their obsession but he couldn’t say a word.

The two brothers stopped fighting and discovered the roots of their endless battle for thousands of years.

Houqing muttered, “It was because he gave us names that he…”

White Tiger didn’t want to hear the word ‘death’ and his eyes narrowed. “Then we will erase the names!”

Houqing agreed.

It wasn’t easy to erase the names but they did it. They made everyone forget the names of the sages and ancestors, including Azure Dragon, Vermilion Bird and Nine Tails themselves.

In the end, White Tiger eliminated Houqing’s memory of his own name and Houqing also eliminated White Tiger’s memories.

They took the initiative to give up their own names. At the same time, the flower god was resurrected.

The moment Houqing saw the small rose in the flower garden, his eyes were red and he smiled, but it was more like crying. “Please come home with me?”

Xie Xi stared at him while feeling pained. “Okay.”

There was no substitute from start to finish. Houqing just tried to bring the flower god back to him.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...