Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 12 Boundaries 10

Xie Xi sighed. “It is a bit pitiful.”

The soft kitten’s meows entered Jiang Xie’s ears. “Are you hungry? Go and eat.”

Xie Xi, “…” Was he hungry every time he meowed? Take time to study the fourth level of cat language! Still, he was a bit hungry.

Xie Xi looked at the table full of good food but had no appetite. Perhaps it was the characteristic of a cat’s body that couldn’t eat these normal things.

Xie Xi jumped down and went to eat the cat food. Jiang Xie picked him up along with the food bowl and placed them on the table.

Xie Xi glanced at him. “What are you doing?” Meow.

Jiang Xie told him, “Eat together.”

Xie Xi, “…” Okay, this person would eat his Kobe steak while he would eat the X brand cat food.

Jiang Xie was in a particularly good mood and asked, “How did you obtain all these things?”

Xie Xi shook his tail. “I just draw them.”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Eat and we will talk after we finish.” A laptop was necessary in order to communicate with Little Rose.

Xie Xi didn’t speak nonsense. After all, this person didn’t understand.

The two people ate until full. Jiang Xie carefully cleaned the dishes and placed the things Xie Xi created in a very hidden place.

Xie Xi stared at him. Jiang Xie noticed the kitten’s gaze and said, “These are very unusual. it will be suspicious if others see it.”

He might be young but he was cautious.

There was no other way. The poor children lived alone from an early age. Not only was Little Jiang poor, but he was also unlucky…

After cleaning, the human and the cat went to the laptop for in-depth communication.

Xie Xi had a pile of secrets but there was no need to say them. As long as Jiang Xie returned to Central, he would know everything.

The god’s wisdom and sketch pen couldn’t be explained so Xie Xi typed, “You have given me so much food. I wanted to make this for you to eat.”

Jiang Xie was stunned. “Then… it just appeared out of thin air?”

Technically, it was right. It appeared from Cat Xie’s head.

How cute and lovely were his actions? Jiang Xie’s blood tank was half empty and he didn’t know what to say next.

Xie Xi questioned, “This isn’t good?”

Jiang Xie recovered and seriously told him, “Don’t create these things in front of people other than me.” He highlighted the ‘don’t’ part.

Xie Xi definitely knew this but still nodded. “Okay.” Meow.

Jiang Xie couldn’t help touching him.

Xie Xi added, “Do you have anything you want? I can make it appear for you.”

“I’m not lacking anything and don’t use this ability easily. I’m afraid it will be harmful to your health.”

It didn’t matter if there was no lunch in the world. Jiang Xie’s worst fear was the kitten being damaged.

Xie Xi knew it wouldn’t happen but unfortunately couldn’t explain it. He could only nod. “Okay.”

Jiang Xie wanted to praise the cat but then thought about how the cat would become a teenager as old as him and was embarrassed.

Jiang Xie gently patted his fur. This is the secret between us. We must not tell others.”

Xie Xi turned and licked his fingers. “Yes.”

They didn’t go out all day and didn’t go to the hospital. Xie Xi meant to go. After all, there was an appointment and it wouldn’t be easy to explain to Kang Hong if they missed it.

However, Jiang Xie insisted on not going and his reasoning was sufficient. “What if the doctor discovers something during the check up?”

This made sense. The risk was greater compared to Kang Hong. Xie Xi was relieved by Jiang Xie’s prudence but also distressed.

The teenage years should be the most impulsive time. Jiang Xie developing such a personality showed that he had experienced too much pain and suffered too much.

The two people didn’t sleep much last night. After eating and drinking, they slept together and by the time they woke up, the sky was dark.

Jiang Xie looked at the sunset outside and obviously felt a bit nervous. Xie Xi knew what this person was nervous about. After dark, Xie Xi could become a person and the way to release this form was a kiss.

In the daytime with Cat Xie, Jiang Xie could still communicate normally. In the evening, he could speak directly to Xie Xi with cat ears but he was too embarrassed to speak.

Xie Xi wanted to become a person and tapped on the laptop. “Are you hungry?”

Jiang Xie didn’t grasp his meaning. “I will make something for myself in a while. You don’t have to make something appear.”

“If you aren’t hungry, can you wait for me to eat with you?”

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi blinked. “Once I become a person, I will have dinner with you.”

They were clearly typed out words but Jiang Xie seemed to hear the boy’s soft voice.

Jiang Xie, “…Okay.” He wanted to have dinner with this youth, even if it meant starving to death.

The sky was dark and the moon came out. Xie Xi couldn’t wait to jump onto the window.

Jiang Xie followed and waited for the cat to do something. Then Xie Xi jumped up and kissed him on the lips.

As Xie Xi thought, the elements for the transformation were having a name, a kiss and bathing in the moonlight.

Once these three conditions were achieved, he could become a person. He might retain some characteristics of a cat but it was much more convenient than being a pure cat.

Coolness burst through his body before Xie Xi came down to the ground.

Jiang Xie stared at the young man.

Xie Xi wanted to continue kissing but he thought of their age and held back. The age of the original Jiang Xie wasn’t known but this white sheep in front of him was only 16 or 17. He couldn’t be a beast!

Xie Xi moved back and a trace of loss flashed in Jiang Xie’s eyes. Xie Xi saw it…

Well, there was nothing wrong with kissing at the age of 16 or 17. No, he couldn’t be unable to brake at the beginning! He had to consider the long-term.

Jiang Xie didn’t open his eyes. “I’ll go and find you some clothes.” The ones from last night were torn into strips.

Xie Xi shook his head. “I can get them myself.”

He was afraid to wear Jiang Xie’s clothes. Unsuitable clothes always felt strange…

Jiang Xie might be thinking about last night’s image and nodded. “Yes.”

Xie Xi thought about it, picked up the sketch pen and started drawing.

The fitted clothes were much better but there was no other way for the tail. It had to stay outside. This thing was really a foul. As long as it was present, the more serious clothes became less serious. Xie Xi couldn’t help shaking his tail with dislike.

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi heard footsteps and looked up. “Where are you going?”

Jiang Xie didn’t reply and headed into the bathroom. Xie Xi found it strange until he discovered that someone had stuck a tissue in his nose.

Xie Xi, “………………”

Jiang Xie preserved a correct attitude. “It was dry.”

Xie Xi thought, ‘You are grown up.’

Dinner was made by Xie Xi but this time, he didn’t add any fancy tableware. He made the simplest ones found in the supermarket. Of course, the food was carefully selected from Michelin star chefs and tasted delicious.

Dinner finished and Jiang Xie could finally look straight at Xie Xi. Xie Xi was aware of his gaze and his ears shook.

Jiang Xie, “…” In order to adapt to such a Little Rose, he probably needed… he didn’t know how long it would take!

Xie Xi inwardly smiled and asked, “How will we sleep at night?”

“I will sleep on the sofa again.”

“Will you sleep on the sofa every day?”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi suggested. “I’ll draw another bed.” This way, the two of them could sleep together.

Jiang Xie was stunned and shook his head. “No, I will buy another one tomorrow.”

Xie Xi thought about it and it made sense. They couldn’t lock the door of the bedroom forever and suddenly having one more bed was strange.

jiang Xie had the money paid by the driver and it was enough to buy a simple bed.

Xie Xi made a suggestion. “Change it to a double bed.”

Jiang Xie’s heart thumped.

Xie Xi wasn’t deliberately bullying him. It was a realistic consideration. “It is too strange to have two beds in a bedroom when living alone.” A double bed had the spaciousness of a large bed.

Jiang Xie’s Adam’s apple moved. He knew it was reasonable but the thought of sharing a bed with Xie Xi…

Xie Xi added, “Tonight, we will squeeze together. The sofa is too small.”

Jiang Xie didn’t expect that he couldn’t even survive tonight!

It was really impossible to sleep on a bed, especially a single bed where the two people would have to sleep completely holding each other.

He didn’t want to let Xie Xi conjure things but he still proposed, “Conjure a mattress first. I will buy the bed tomorrow.”

Okay…

Xie Xi listened to him and drew a double mattress. Then they settled down to sleep.

The next day, Jiang Xie went with the kitten to buy a bed. In the evening, Kang Hong came and was startled when he saw it. “Wow, a new bed?”

Cat Xie moved around before he was kissed and said, “Don’t pick me up.”

Kang Hong only heard the meows and his eyes lit up as he went for a hug. Then Jiang Xie directly picked up the kitten. Kang Hong pounced on empty air. “Eh…”

Jiang Xie told him, “Don’t always hug him. He doesn’t like it.”

Kang Hong, “…”

Xie Xi didn’t know if he should laugh or cry but he had to shoulder the blame and bared his teeth and claws at Kang Hong. Kang Hong was bleeding.

Jiang Xie was still serious. “You see, he is angry.”

Kang Hong thought, ‘Such anger, please give me 10 dozen of them!’

Kang Hong didn’t hold Xie Xi but he couldn’t control his hand reaching out to touch the cat.

Jiang Xie saw the hand descending and once again stopped it. “You can only touch the head.”

Kang Hong looked like he had seen a ghost.

Jiang Xie continued to shift the blame. “He only likes people touching his head.”

What could Xie Xi do? The kitten once again’ scratched.’

Kang Hong couldn’t find east, west, north and south and couldn’t scold the insane Jiang Xie.

Regarding the double bed, Jiang Xie explained that he wanted to sleep in a larger space.

Kang Hong made an understanding face. “When will you introduce your girlfriend to your brother?”

Xie Xi glared at him. “Boy, you dare to think this! A high school student shouldn’t speak nonsense!”

Kang Hong opened his mouth. “You see, Little Rose is also helping me talk.”

Xie Xi, “…” Sir, you should study the cat language again!

The days passed smoothly like this. Xie Xi was a cat in the daytime and a person at night. The two of them were inseparable.

A few months later, the final exam was ushered in. Jiang Xie took first in the school and Xie Xi was happier than him.

Kang Hong was sour. “If I have a cat then I would also place first.” He was quite good and was seventh in the class.

Xie Xi spat at him, ‘You can’t get a full score even with 78 cats!’

There were 78 people between seventh in the class and first in the school.

In these past few months, Jiang Xie had experienced unprecedented happy days. Since Xie Xi came to him, no unfortunate incidents happened around him.

The previous rumours were still present but Kang Hong’s ‘big fortune’ and Jiang Xie’s immediately leaving school when it ended meant the rumours didn’t worsen.

The environment was good and Jiang Xie gradually became more cheerful. This time, he took first in the school and the class teacher couldn’t help praising him.

Jiang Xie’s expression didn’t change but his heart was happy.

Xie Xi saw his clenched fist under the table and felt pained and happy for this person.

The thing that erased all the rumours was the teacher diagnosed with cancer returning at the beginning of the new semester.

Kang Hong told this to Jiang Xie and Jiang Xie was shocked.

“It is really amazing! The diagnosis was late but suddenly he was fine!”

Jiang Xie wondered, “How…” Was it possible?”

Kang Hong explained, “The hospital is suspecting a misdiagnosis. I heard Teacher Sun say he saw the back of a teenager with cat ears and then he was fine when he woke up the next day!”

Jiang Xie’s heart thumped.

Xie Xi who was listening to the whole thing, “…” Kang Hong, could you stop speaking before you die?!

Kang Hong continued, “I think Teacher Sun was teasing me. He knows that I want cats but can’t raise them. Still, Teacher Sun is really lucky. I thought there was no hope but it is incredibly good.”

Jiang Xie’s fingers under the table trembled fiercely.

Xie Xi saw it and sighed in his heart. He was still inexperienced and hadn’t completed it perfectly.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...