Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 12 Boundaries End

They were in the classroom and basically unable to communicate. Still, Jiang Xie knew that Xie Xi wasn’t happy.

He usually slept with his head towards Jiang Xie on weekdays. Now, he turned his head inside, leaving only a furry little butt.

Jiang Xie felt a bit anxious but he also thought this was too cute. He couldn’t help touching the cat. Xie Xi swept his tail towards this person.

Jiang Xie called out to him. “Little Rose.”

Xie Xi really wasn’t angry. This was the normal mentality of people. His lover received so many confession letters that it would be fake to say he didn’t care.

…First, he was isolated and now there was too much attention. This person couldn’t live a normal life! It was the same in Central. It was as if the word ‘normal’ didn’t apply to him.

Xie Xi had run around again last night and was very tired this morning. He thought himself to sleep.

On this day, Jiang Xie suffered a lot of pain. He already disposed of these envelopes and seriously rejected the hearts of other people, yet Little Rose still ignored him. The two people couldn’t communicate and Jiang Xie could only feel rushed.

The days of March were so short that by the time they came home, it was already dark and the moon had come out.

Jiang Xie walked very quickly and brought out the kitten the moment they arrived home.

Xie Xi stared up at him. Jiang Xie leaned over and kissed him. There was a fog and a teenager with cat ears stood in front of him.

Jiang Xie told him, “I refused all the letters during the day.”

Xie Xi went to draw the curtains and said, “Yes.”

Jiang Xie came up to him. “Don’t be angry. I didn’t know they would be there…”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Do I have something to be angry about?”

Jiang Xie was stunned and couldn’t answer.

Xie Xi deliberately said, “You refused them now but you will marry and have children. Isn’t that what humans are all about?” His back pretended to be desolate.

This was simply throwing a knife at Jiang Xie. He couldn’t stand it and immediately said, “No, I won’t.”

Xie Xi waited for his next words.

Jiang Xie never promised anything because he wasn’t used to holding anything. He was used to constantly losing and felt afraid to take the initiative to fight for something.

Just as people who didn’t feel hope wouldn’t be disappointed, he didn’t have to lose anything if he didn’t have it in the first place.

However, this time…

Jiang Xie held Xie Xi’s hand and his voice was like a taut rubber band that might break at any moment. “I only want you. My life will have enough as long as you are present.”

He spoke with uneasiness and fear, breaking through the obstacles in his heart to speak.

Xie Xi wanted to force him to say this but felt pained once he heard it. In fact, he knows everything even if Jiang Xie didn’t say it. He just wanted to let Jiang Xie face up to it and regain his convictions.

Don’t push away happiness but work hard to protect the happiness at hand.

Xie Xi asked him, “Do you like me?”

Jiang Xie was stunned. Xie Xi watched him as if staring into his heart. Jiang Xie slowly smiled. In an instant, it was like spring returning to Earth and the grass growing. Countless warmth melted into his clear voice. “I love you.”

It was more than like and could only be love. Xie Xi also smiled and hugged this person, whispering, “Me too.”

Jiang Xie clung to Xie Xi’s waist tightly, head buried in this person’s neck and his breathing hot and eager.

Xie Xi gently touched him on the neck. It was like the last spark that ignited fireworks, completely setting Jiang Xie on fire.

Aries’ birthday was at the end of March and he was a few days away from adulthood…

Xie Xi thought it was pretty much the same thing. In the end, it was Jiang Xie who stopped.

“No…” His voice was full of restraint. “You are too young.”

Xie Xi, “……”

Jiang Xie left and didn’t dare look at him. “I will go and take a shower.”

Xie Xi muttered, “I…” He didn’t know how old he was.

Jiang Xie took deep breaths. “I want to be with you forever. These… there is no hurry at the moment.”

This was the Jiang Xie who was always a beast in Central?

However, Xie Xi thought about it and decided it wouldn’t be so bad to wait. Jiang Xie cherished him and he also cherished Jiang Xie.

S*x might be a way for love to be expressed but it definitely wasn’t the only one.

It would be too pitiful if this was the only way for two people in love to express it.

After the mutual understanding, Xie Xi’s task hadn’t changed. He still had no clue about the so-called true spirit and he no means to leave here.

What should he do? Xie Xi wasn’t very anxious. As long as he and Jiang Xie were together, he was happy.

On the day of Jiang Xie’s birthday, Xie Xi asked him, “Are you going out?”

Jiang Xie replied, “Then I’ll take time off in advance.” His birthday wasn’t on a weekend.

“No, we will go out after school and come back in the morning.”

“If we meet an acquaintance…”

Xie Xi told him, “I’ll take you to a further place.”

Jiang Xie frowned. “Don’t take any risks.”

Xie Xi smiled. “Nothing will happen. Besides, you only have one 18th birthday.”

“Who has only one birthday?”

Xie Xi blinked at him. “But this is my first birthday with you.”

This remark was so good that the cautious teenager finally agreed.

During school, Kang Hong blocked Jiang Xie in order to celebrate his birthday. Jiang Xie slipped away quickly and didn’t return home. Instead, he found a place for Xie Xi to become a person.

Xie Xi held him and asked, “Are you afraid of heights?” This person didn’t seem afraid.

“I’m not afraid.”

Xie Xi used a transparent aircraft, which was one of the most popular aircrafts in the last world.

Sitting inside and looking out through the transparent walls allowed them to see the scenery unobstructed but the people outside couldn’t see inside.

Jiang Xie sat in it and his heart thumped. “If we are discovered…”

Xie Xi laughed. “Don’t worry. No one can see it.”

Xie Xi deliberately let the aircraft drive through the bustling streets. Jiang Xie nervously clenched his fists but to his relief, the pedestrians didn’t feel nothing.

Was the stealth charm a joke? It worked very well. Of course, this had a time restriction. Xie Xi flew with Jiang Xie and stopped in the open sea without people.

The aircraft was transformed into a spacious living room. Xie Xi brought out the dinner he had already prepared. “Happy birthday.”

The moment he spoke, splendid fireworks were ejected from the aircraft and bloomed in the air one after another.

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi asked, “Do you like it?”

Jiang Xie spoke like it was a dream. “I like it.”

A beauty that didn’t exist in dreams, a happiness that couldn’t be imagined.

Xie Xi took his hand. “That’s good.”

Jiang Xie turned and saw the smile on Xie Xi’s face. At this moment, he felt the person around him was one hundred times more beautiful than the fireworks on the horizon.

It was truly fortunate he could meet this person. Jiang Xie held his hand firmly and silken strands like the sun rose in his heart.

After this birthday, the two people became sweeter.

The big lightbulb Kang Hong didn’t disturb them. There was no reason to because the university entrance examination was coming soon. Kang Hong was studying like crazy.

Jiang Xie was also reviewing seriously.

Xie Xi was on the table and swept his hand with the tail.

Jiang Xie smiled. “Let me finish writing this paper.”

Xie Xi said, “Let me turn into a human.” Meow meow!

“I will kiss you when I finish writing.”

Xie Xi, “…” Sure enough, this person was worse when growing up! Previously, Jiang Xie turned the kitten into a human as soon as it became dark.

Since the beginning of studying for the university entrance examination, Jiang Xie would only kiss Xie Xi after finishing his homework.

The reason was simple. He could study quietly if he saw the cat. If he saw the cat-eared youth, he wanted to do adult things.

In Xie Xi’s heart, the university entrance examination was useless. So what about a good university? There was him and Aries would always be happy.

Obviously, Jiang Xie thought differently.

He didn’t want Xie Xi to use his ability or to wrong Xie Xi. The only way to do this was to strengthen himself and let Xie Xi live a rich life.

In addition, Jiang Xie was always worried that Xie Xi would be exposed and he wouldn’t be able to protect Xie Xi. Wasn’t Xie Xi the one who wanted to protect Jiang Xie?

No matter how strong their lover, two people who loved each other would want to protect each other.

The university entrance exam finished and the results were issued. Jiang Xie was first in the province.

Xie Xi thought, ‘Fortunately, each province has different questions. Otherwise, won’t you become first in the country?’

Kang Hong was more surprised compared to Jiang Xie. “I have exceeded my unofficial mark!” This was the ecstasy that normal people should have.

Jiang Xie congratulated him.

Kang Hong jumped out of happiness and his face was red. He excitedly told Jiang Xie, “My results soared thanks to the learning god!”

Jiang Xie shook his head. “It is the result of your own efforts.”

“No…” Kang Hong said, “I think it is related to you. Since I transferred to this school and became friends with you, everything has been going smoothly. I don’t have rhinitis and I always feel that the quality of my sleep is much better. I am full of strength learning every day…”

The younger classmate who often sat next to Jiang Xie and asked questions said, “This is really true. I feel that my spirit has been particularly good in the past six months and I have learnt things very quickly.”

“Oh…” Someone else joined the discussion. “It is the same for me. I used to study until 12 o’clock, wake up sleepy in the morning and wasn’t in a good state at all. This time, I sleep normally and manage a lunch break.”

“Me too…”

“I also seem to…”

The cat in the bag was going crazy and wanted to give these people a forbidden spell!

‘Shut up and take advantage of it instead of talking about it!’

However, all these words were heard and the keen Jiang Xie must’ve understood it.

Xie Xi collapsed into a cat cake as he thought about how to coax this alarmist teenager after returning home…

Jiang Xie couldn’t stay any longer. He was clearly the provincial champion but it was like he took last place in the exam. They were still having a heated discussion and Jiang Xie left first.

Once he got home, he locked the door. Xie Xi poked out a small head. It wasn’t dark so he couldn’t become a person.

Jiang Xie didn’t say anything. He sat at the window and waited until it was dark. Xie Xi’s heart beat like a drum and he knew that Jiang Xie was really angry this time.

The moon rose and Jiang Xie’s cool kiss fell on his lips. Xie Xi stood by his side. He had been enduring it all day but Jiang Xie didn’t say anything. He just asked, “Why?”

Xie Xi didn’t know what to say…

Jiang Xie frowned and his hands on the table clenched into fists. “Is it to cover up the rumours before?”

A year ago, Jiang Xie was avoided by everyone. After a year, Jiang Xie became close to everyone.

Why did this happen? It was due to Xie Xi’s painstaking efforts.

“It is really nothing. No one will find out.” He knew Jiang Xie was afraid he would be in danger but such a world couldn’t hurt him.

Jiang Xie questioned, “You protected the people around me, didn’t you?”

Xie Xi jerked with shock.

Jiang Xie hoarsely revealed the truth. “If you didn’t protect Kang Hong, he would die, right? In addition, the people who came close to me and talked to me were secretly protected by you…”

Jiang Xie smiled wryly. “For more than 10 years, those who were close to me would be very miserable. It is no wonder that it changed in this year…”

Xie Xi could lie to him and say no, but he couldn’t do this. He couldn’t lie to Jiang Xie. It was true that Xie Xi was busy every day protecting the people close to Jiang Xie.

Once he relaxed, these people would encounter light or heavy misfortunes. It was like a curse. Anyone who came close to Jiang Xie would be targeted by disaster.

Xie Xi protected these people while looking for reasons. Unfortunately, he was unable to find the cause.

Xie Xi approached him and carefully clung into Jiang Xie. “I will be careful not to let them find out.”

Jiang Xie whispered, “No.”

Xie Xi’s lips thinned.

Jiang Xie declared, “I won’t become closer to anyone. I don’t need anyone as long as you are there.” Thus, no one would suffer because of him ad Xie Xi didn’t need to work hard to protect everyone.

Xie Xi sighed and placed his chin on top of his head. “However, you won’t be happy.”

Jiang Xie’s body froze.

Xie Xi told him, “I hope that you will be happy every day and be full of hope and enthusiasm for life. I want to be with you as well as give you happiness.”

“I…” It was like there were many stones in Jiang Xie’s throat as he tried to speak, making him unable to say anything.

Xie Xi kissed him on the forehead.

Jiang Xie pulled this youth onto his lap and held his waist, as if bringing this person into his own soul.

“I hate them.” Jiang Xie’s suppressed voice seemed to tremble in his chest. Xie Xi was stunned. Jiang Xie held him and revealed the most unfathomable places inside him.

“I had nothing. No one needed me, no one was close to me and no one even looked at me…”

Therefore, he hated them.

He hated all those who ignored him, hated all those who isolated him and hated the world that abandoned him.

This was Jiang Xie’s deep heart, the most unbearable and hard to understand part.

At this time, this darkness was blown away.

Xie Xi’s eyes were red and his voice was hoarse. “It is fine. You’ll have me later.”

Yes, Jiang Xie had him. It was Xie Xi’s unreserved love that released the knot in his heart. Jiang Xie let go of himself and let the world go.

Xie Xi sighed with relief. He stared at Jiang Xie and saw the teenager reveal a pure smile that was brighter than the sun.

“Thank you.”

Xie Xi heard Jiang Xie’s words and wanted to touch him again, only to reappear in the space with 11 light groups.

The roses were lovely but Xie Xi stood among them in a trance.

The red light group representing Aries disappeared and was replaced by the young Jiang Xie sleeping in the flowers.

Xie Xi rushed over and saw the line of words hanging over him.

[Wake up countdown: 3:00:00.]

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...