Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 12 Boundaries 9

Jiang Xie shot up from the sofa. He couldn’t sleep last night so he had been reading a book. At this time, he waved his hands and the stack of books on the coffee table fell to the ground.

The soundproofing effect of the house was ordinary and Kang Hong asked, “What’s wrong? Did the doorbell scare the cat?”

Jiang Xie thought of last night’s matter and how could he dare to let Kang Hong in? He went to open the door but blocked it. “It’s nothing. I accidentally knocked some books to the ground.”

Kang Hong wondered, “Did you stay up late reading books?”

Jiang Xie, “…”

It was hard to explain what happened last night or let anyone else know about it.

Jiang Xie told him, “I will take him to the check up. You should go back first.”

Kang Hong pleaded, “Bring me with you. There are many pets at the pet hospital and I want to see them.”

No wonder why he woke up so early in the morning. Jiang Xie refused harshly, “I can do it alone.”

His cold face was very frightening. Kang Hong was a bit shaken but he knew that Jiang Xie didn’t like to be in contact with people. Thus, he compromised. “I won’t go but let me see the cat.” He got up too early to see a group of cats and dogs. It was fine if he didn’t see the dogs but he should at least get to see the kitty!

Jiang Xie didn’t let him in. “He is still sleeping.”

“I won’t wake him up.”

Jiang Xie didn’t step aside.

Kang Hong sensed something strange and blinked. “You… is there someone else in the house?”

Jiang Xie, “!”

In the end, Kang Hong was a teenage boy. “Old Jiang, you stayed silent about a partner? And you actually brought them back to bed? Oh, I’m going! I won’t look.”

Jiang Xie thought about last night’s kiss and really felt guilty.

His expression was equivalent to agreeing. Kang Hong spoke mysteriously, “If I take the cat to the check up, you can continue…”

“Meow.” Thankfully, the cat strolled around and moved around Jiang Xie’s legs.

Kang Hong’s eyes brightened. “Sweetie!”

“Get lost!”

Kang Hong picked up the cat and sighed. “Did you miss me?”

Xie Xi, “I think you are a big-headed ghost.”

Kang Hong smiled. “You must’ve thought of me. Listening to these meows is too sweet.”

“Put him down.” Jiang Xie’s ice cold voice was suddenly heard.

Kang Hong was shocked and even Xie Xi was stunned. He looked up to see the teenager’s eyes were bright. He was angry?

Kang Hong’s senses returned. “What’s wrong?”

Jiang Xie grabbed Xie Xi back and slammed the door shut.

Kang Hong, “???” What happened?

Based on Jiang Xie’s expression, Kang Hong thought he hadn’t been holding a cat but Jiang Xie’s naked girlfriend! Hey… what nonsense was this?

The hugged Xie Xi clearly felt Jiang Xie’s heartbeat. What happened?

Xie Xi might not like being held by Kang Hong but wasn’t Jiang Xie’s reaction too big?

After all, he was a cat now.

Oh… Xie Xi changed back into a cat and this started when Kang Hong rang the doorbell.

At the time, Xie Xi was afraid of being seen by people. It wasn’t as simple as ‘ghost eyes’ and it was likely he would be grabbed to do research on.

Xie Xi might be able to escape most danger using the god’s wisdom but he didn’t want to cause trouble.

He was here to find the true spirit, not to turn this small world upside down.

Thus, he hurriedly got up to find a place to hide.

Unfortunately, the house was too small and there wasn’t a reliable hiding spot. As it happened, he stood in the sunlight and was illuminated by the warm sun. He felt something warm flow through his body and then…

Xie Xi saw his cat paws.

He turned back into a cat? Could he change back to a cat in the sunlight?

Was he a cat or a bat?

There was no time to think. The little cat hurriedly hid the clothes in the bed. If Kang Hong searched the house and found the clothes then Jiang Xie…

After finishing this, Xie Xi strolled out to Jiang Xie.

Who knew that Jiang Xie would actually be angry?

“What’s the matter?” Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie but his words had once again became meows.

Jiang Xie bowed his head and saw the black and white cat in his arms.

The cat was looking up at him like normal, like everything last night was a dream that never existed.

Sure enough, it was a dream. How could a kitten become a person?

Had he been alone for too long that he was hallucinating?

Jiang Xie’s complexion was white and his voice was hoarse. “I dreamt that you became a man last night.”

Xie Xi, “???”

Jiang Xie’s heart was empty. This feeling was too uncomfortable and unspeakable, as if it was a hard to touch star. Once he arrived at the star, he found it was just a reflection in the water.

Xie Xi asked, “What are you thinking? How can that be a dream?”

Jiang Xie recovered his wits and touched Xie Xi. “I’ll get you some food.”

Xie Xi, “……”

He just changed back into a cat and Jiang Xie was ‘turning his back and not recognizing a person’?

A cat becoming a human might seem like a dream but could a dream be as realistic as that?

Xie Xi’s head turned as he thought about the space under the blanket.

Jiang Xie would believe it and not think he was dreaming when he saw the clothes.

Xie Xi ran back to the bedroom and Jiang Xie followed.

The clothes were under the covers. He drilled into them and tried to push the clothes out.

However, the quilt was heavy for the cat and his pushing and panting didn’t succeed.

Jiang Xie saw the small body arching and was softhearted. “Eat first and then I will accompany you to play.”

“Come and see!”

Jiang Xie heard the miserable calling and thought Xie Xi couldn’t find the exit. He quickly opened the quilt to let the cat out.

Xie Xi showed Jiang Xie the pants he had been wearing last night using his mouth.

Jiang Xie was really stunned.

Xie Xi panted and told him, “You should believe it this time.”

Jiang Xie picked up the clothes and frowned. “Don’t play with clothes later. It is a pity to tear them up.”

Xie Xi wondered, “Hrmm?”

The kitten looked down…

He had been trying to push it out of the bed for too long and ended up tearing the thin pants into strips!

The clothes under the blankets were also in strips. The evidence was ruined by his own claws, causing Xie Xi to be angry.

Jiang Xie was thinking about last night’s dream…

The kitten became a man and wore these pants. Then he cut a hole in the back of them.

How could there be such a shameless dream?

Jiang Xie felt that he wasn’t far from madness.

Xie Xi wasn’t willing. He might’ve torn the pants but if Jiang Xie took a closer look, he would see the hole that was deliberately cut out. Jiang Xie, quickly look!

Poor Jiang Xie didn’t dare to look…

Xie Xi saw the evidence wasn’t good and could only climb up to Jiang Xie’s chest.

Jiang Xie thought the kitten wanted a hug and hugged him, “Okay, don’t tear my clothes in the future…” He wondered to himself, “Are a kitten’s claws that sharp?”

A kitten probably didn’t have such sharp claws but Xie Xi’s qualifications weren’t ordinary. After becoming a cat, he kept a bit of it and turned the cat claws into a ‘weapon.’

Jiang Xie placed Xie Xi on his shoulder. “Let’s go to eat.”

Xie Xi turned him, “Turn your head.”

Jiang Xie could only hear the meows and turned his head. “Hrmm?”

Xie Xi kissed him.

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi waited for himself to become a human.

Wait, wait, wait. He waited for half a minute.

Cat Xie didn’t give him and kissed him again, again and again…

Jiang Xie put him down “Okay, don’t eat me.”

Xie Xi, “…Who wants to eat you? I am kissing you!”

Unfortunately, they were all meows.

Jiang Xie placed the kitten in front of the cat bowl. “Eat.”

Xie Xi was full of anger and how could he eat? He thought about it and came up with a trick.

Jiang Xie didn’t believe him? Xie Xi might not be able to transform into a person at any time but he could show off his uniqueness.

Xie Xi cried out, attracting Jiang Xie’s attention. Then he summoned the god’s wisdom and sketch pen.

The kitten looked at Jiang Xie, waiting for the man who didn’t believe him to be surprised.

The result…

Jiang Xie ignored the god’s wisdom and sketch pen, touching Xie Xi’s small head. “Eat.” Then he got up and left.

Xie Xi froze. “You can’t see it!” The cat brought two things out of thin air. Did he see nothing?

Jiang Xie really didn’t see anything. He grabbed his phone and looked up the address of the hospital to do a check up for Little Rose…

Xie Xi’s senses returned. The god’s wisdom and sketch pen were things that didn’t belong to the quasi-world. Then Jiang Xie of this quasi-world couldn’t see them?

This trick didn’t work then he could only draw something on the spot.

Xie Xi picked up the god’s wisdom and sketch pen and ran to Jiang Xie’s side.

Jiang Xie was still despondent.

Xie Xi called out again and started drawing something with the sketch pen.

Jiang Xie couldn’t see the sketch pen and god’s wisdom but he could see the kitten shaking his head.

His heart was tense as he asked, “What’s wrong? Is it stuck?” Did cat food get stuck while eating?

You’re stuck!

Xie Xi drew a few crooked strokes. Fortunately, the sketch pen had a self-correcting function and it was easy to show what was painted on the god’s wisdom.

There was a bang and a bottle of milk appeared.

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi persisted and drew a sandwich, this time with a plate.

He considered that Jiang Xie was growing and had to eat more meat. Thus, Xie Xi drew a Kobe steak…

Well, there was cutlery as well. The knife and fork used in Love is a Dead End came to mind and he directly drew it. It seemed like he was still missing a placemat? The drawing addictive Xie Xi drew it.

The teenager who was in a daze finally recovered. “This… is…”

His table was full of delicious food. Not just that, there were also table mats, beautiful candlesticks and beautiful cutlery inlaid with rubies…

Xie Xi felt it was almost over. He was just about to put down a sketch pen when he remembered something and drew a laptop.

There was no other reason. Jiang Xie was too poor to have a computer. He had a phone but the phone was too small for Cat Xie’s claws to tap on them.

After seeing the laptop, Jiang Xie pinched his thighs. It was tioo incredible and he couldn’t dream of such a thing.

Xie Xi couldn’t speak but he could type with the laptop. He opened a document and tapped, “Last night wasn’t a dream.”

Jiang Xie stared at the words and he forgot to blink.

Xie Xi angrily continued typing. “You thought it was a dream!” This morning was really exhausting.

Jiang Xie didn’t feel disbelief anymore and now fully believed. Great joy filled his chest and he didn’t know what to say.

“This…” Jiang Xie tried to get his voice back. “Did you do all of it?’

Xie Xi typed, “It’s nothing.” It was just to communicate with him.

Jiang Xie finally couldn’t help asking, “Who are you?”

Xie Xi tapped with some embarrassment, “Didn’t you say that I’m your…”

He couldn’t type out the next words.

Jiang Xie’s heart trembled as if it had been hit by a heavy hammer. It turned out that he could become dizzy from too much joy.

“Little Rose.” Jiang Xie called out, as if finishing the words on the screen.

Xie Xi’s eyes shook and he jumped into the other person’s arms.

Jiang Xie cautiously held him and asked in a choked up voice. “Will you stay with me all the time?’

“I will go wherever you are.”

Jiang Xie couldn’t understand the meows but he felt indescribable warmth.

Xie Xi jumped down and tapped on the keyboard. “As long as you don’t drive me away, I will stay with you.”

Jiang Xie’s heart tightened and he said, “I will never do that.”

Xie Xi typed again, “You don’t have to be afraid in the future.”

Jiang Xie didn’t quite understand.

Xie Xi told him, “If I am here, no one can bully you.”

Jiang Xie’s throat tightened.

Xie Xi added, “I will protect you…”

He hadn’t finished his words when Jiang Xie swept him up and hugged him tightly.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...