Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 12 Boundaries 6

What a mess! Xie Xi felt furious when he heard these worlds. So superstitious! This was still a high school student!

Xie Xi didn’t dare to make a sound. Jiang Xie was already isolated and it would be even worse if it was discovered he brought a cat to school.

Fortunately, there were still normal people. The transfer student Kang Hong burst out laughing. “What are you talking about? Isn’t it forbidden to believe in these things since the founding of the People’s Republic of China?”

What ghost eyes? He thought his classmates were joking.

The classmate had a serious expression. “It really is evil. You might not believe it but many people have been affected.”

Kang Hong refuted, “His eye colours are just a bit different. Is this worth making a fuss about?” The boy was quite lively and joked around, “Don’t you think this is cool? The different coloured eyes is a setting in comics!”

This made Xie Xi very happy. Yes, this was a normal high school student. Did they not watch anime? Why were they scared of different coloured eyes?

The classmate was cautious. “There was a new teacher who didn’t believe it previously. Then…”

Kang Hong asked, “What happened afterwards?”

Xie Xi was also very curious. He wanted to hear more but at this time, Jiang Xie turned off the tap, went outside and interrupted their conversation.

The moment he saw Jiang Xie, the classmate’s expression changed, closed his eyes and turned to flee.

Kang Hong, “…”

Xie Xi, “…”

This was too poisonous! Jiang Xie moved away without looking at anyone. Kang Hong called out, “Jiang Xie.”

Jiang Xie stood still.

“Don’t listen to their nonsense.”

Jiang Xie told him, “They aren’t speaking nonsense.”

Kang Hong was stunned.

Jiang Xie didn’t look at him while speaking indifferently, “That new teacher asked me a question in class and was then diagnosed with lung cancer.”

Kang Hong stayed and wondered, “What does that have to do with you? Won’t he still be sick even if he didn’t ask the question?”

Jiang Xie didn’t speak and strode towards the stairwell.

Kang Hong caught up. “It definitely isn’t an illness that can be caught in a day or two. Isn’t it just a coincidence?”

Jiang Xie didn’t explain. He just accelerated his pace and kept a sufficient distance.

Xie Xi was uncomfortable. There were still many people like Kang Hong in this world but Jiang Xie lost the courage to be in contact with people.

No matter what happened before, it was conceivable that there must be many people around him who were unfortunate.

Perhaps it was a coincidence or perhaps there were other factors. It was just that under the fierce rumours, all the blame was pushed on Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie acquiesced to this exclusion and isolation because he also believed that he was cursed and didn’t want to bring disaster to people.

Xie Xi suddenly understood why he was a cat. If he was a person, he probably wouldn’t be able to get close to Jiang Xie. He couldn’t get close to the Jiang Xie who blocked himself in order to protect others. Xie Xi sighed in the schoolbag, distressed for the young man outside.

The moment Jiang Xie walked out the school gate, he took Xie Xi out because he was afraid of the kitten suffocating.

“Poor thing.” Meow.

Temperature filled Jiang Xie’s cold eyes. “Today was really good. You weren’t discovered by anyone.” The kitten was quiet and sensibly avoided other people.

Xie Xi cried out, “Crap!” How could he be discovered?

Jiang Xie understood his cat language. “Let’s go back and I’ll play with you.”

Xie Xi remembered the colourful and dazzling fairy stick.

Jiang Xie’s bad mood was blown away by the kitten’s soft and ‘coquettish’ nature. No matter what happened outside, he wasn’t alone when he went home.

Jiang Xie felt some expectations and wanted to go back to prepare food for the kitten.

As it happened, he had just entered the community when he saw an acquaintance.

Kang Hong made an unexpected expression. “Jiang Xie, you live here too?”

Jiang Xie was stunned. He didn’t expect to see Kang Hong again. He quickly turned his eyes away with a “Yes.” Then he walked towards his unit door.

Kang Hong chased him. “I’m just in unit six. We moved in the other day. This is your unit?”

Jiang Xie didn’t talk to him.

Kang Hong exclaimed, “We are classmates and live in the same community. Don’t be so indifferent.” Then he touched Little Jiang’s arm.

Jiang Xie’s body stiffened and his footsteps stopped. “Don’t touch me.”

His low voice was filled with deterrence, shocking Kang Hong.

Jiang Xie told him, “All the rumours are true. Stay away from me.”

Kang Hong paused before chasing again. He stood in front of Jiang Xie and declared, “I don’t believe that I can die after you looking at me. My body is healthy…”

He hadn’t finished speaking when he saw the little kitten in Jiang Xie’s arms.

Xie Xi said, “Hello teenager.” Meow meow.

Kang Hong’s eyes flashed with small stars. “So cute!”

Xie Xi, “…” There was the feeling of his state being changed!

Jiang Xie was stunned and his face was as stiff as a board.

The cat slave Kang Hong immediately approached. “Are you raising it? It’s so little, so cute.”

Jiang Xie had no idea what to say.

Kang Hong continued. “My mother is allergic to cat hair and my family can’t raise cats. However, my sister raised two after getting married and I often go to see them…”

They didn’t know Kang Hong was a chatterbox before. Once he started talking about cats, he couldn’t stop.

Jiang Xie held Xie Xi and didn’t go anywhere.

Kang Hong had completely ignored his classmates’ warnings and only wanted to have a good relationship with Jiang Xie thanks to the cat.”What is it called?” He asked for the name of the kitten.

Jiang Xie hadn’t given the kitten a name because he felt he couldn’t raise it.

Kang Hong saw through this. “You haven’t given it a name yet? Then you have to think about it. Wait for me to go back and help you find a name with good luck.”

Xie Xi rolled his eyes. “I thought you weren’t superstitious.”

Kang Hong cried out, “Listen to it! So cute!”

Xie Xi finally understood the mood of pets. Humans didn’t understand them no matter what and it was really frustrating.

In the end, Jiang Xie was still a young man and in his deep heart, he also wanted contact with people.

“Do we need to check it?” He asked Kang Hong seriously.

“Of course, find a few good names and let it choose.”

Jiang Xie asked curiously, “How can it choose?”

Kang Hong explained, “Read the names to the cat and see which one it is interested in.”

“It turned out to be like this.”

Xie Xi blinked at the fooled young Jiang Xie and was too lazy to turn things over.

Kang Hong was worthy of someone who had a cat in his sister’s home and he knew a lot. “You just picked it up, right? Have you taken it to the vet for an examination? Have you got it vaccinated? There is sterilization…”

Xie Xi was shocked. “Shut up!”

Jiang Xie shook his head. “I only took it home yesterday.”

“Then you should take it to the pet hospital on the weekend and check its body first.”

Jiang Xie nodded solemnly. “I will.”

Kang Hong added, “Once I go home, I’ll ask my sister to call the hospital to make an appointment for you.”

“Thank you.”

“Don’t be polite. Later, don’t stop me from playing with the kitten, haha.”

Jiang Xie paused but it was impossible for him to say words of rejection. Jiang Xie went home with Xie Xi. Xie Xi disliked Kang Hong’s idea about sterilization but he was also very pleased. At least there was a classmate… even if this classmate’s motivation wasn’t pure!

Jiang Xie touched the kitten. “I’ll prepare food for you.”

Xie Xi still had to resolve his physiological problem and first went to the litter box.

Jiang Xie ate noodles and Xie Xi also didn’t have much harvest. He didn’t find out what this world’s currency was like.

In fact, he could draw many valuable things such as gold. However, Jiang Xie’s age was too small. An underage person bringing a piece of gold to a pawn shop would make people suspicious. Then it would cause trouble when Xie Xi was trying to improve this youth’s life.

Xie Xi thought about it and could only hate his cat body. If he was a person then he would raise Little Jiang in an instant.

There were still classes in the afternoon. Based on Xie Xi’s good performance, Jiang Xie continued bringing him to school.

They met Kang Hong on the way and Kang Hong whispered, “Is the cat at home?”

Jiang Xie nodded.

Kang Hong requested, “Can I go to your house to do homework at night?”

Xie Xi had a cat’s ears and thought, ‘What homework? In fact, you want to play with a cat!’

Then he remembered that this cat was himself and felt dislike.

Jiang Xie frowned.

Kang Hong told him, “I have never raised a cat but I often go to my sister’s house and have experience. I will show you tips about cat food and cat litter. If you do it wrong, the cat might get hurt.”

The entry point was enough and Jiang Xie finally agreed.

Xie Xi placed his cat paws on his chin and thought, ‘Okay, you finally want to have a friend so I will deign to accompany you and play.’

In the afternoon classes, the new student Kang Hong was very miserable. He had to receive new textbooks and a school uniform. He also had to greet his teachers and classmates, so he was very busy.

Jiang Xie stayed alone in the last row but he was very happy. As long as he reached out, he could touch a soft and fluffy cat.

If he teased it, the kitten would bite him with small teeth which weren’t painful at all, only a bit itchy.

Jiang Xie was in an unprecedented good mood all dark. It seemed that since meeting this kitten, his dark life had a different colour. It was sunshine, an incredible cozy colour.

After school, Jiang Xie was still alone. He had just exited the school gate and released Xie Xi when the panting Kang Hong caught up. “We agreed to do homework together. Why didn’t you wait for me?”

Jiang Xie had deliberately avoided Kang Hong because he was afraid this person would be in danger. He was also afraid Kang Hong would be crowded out by their classmates.

Kang Hong saw the kitten instantly and ignored everything else as he exclaimed, “You brought the cat to school.”

This was a wonderful topic and Jiang Xie smiled. “It is very well-behaved.”

“Yes, I didn’t hear it at all. Did it stay in the hole at your desk?”

Jiang Xie nodded.

Kang Hong asked, “Did it sleep all afternoon?”

Jiang Xie replied, “No, it only slept in Chinese class.” Xie Xi had fallen asleep thanks to the Chinese teacher’s ancient language.

Kang Hong was surprised. “It was awake yet didn’t run around?”

Jiang Xie nodded. “It is very sensible.”

“Really sensible! I also want to raise such a good cat!”

Jiang Xie smiled, his gaze towards Xie Xi filled with gentleness and satisfaction.

Xie Xi bowed his head and licked this person’s palm.

Kang Hong was crazy with envy. “It licked you, it licked you with a pink and tender tongue!”

Xie Xi’s ears were almost deafened by this person!

Kang Hong came over. “Yes, lick me too. Kitty, lick me too okay?”

Xie Xi shouted, “Not good!” He turned his head and didn’t look at this person.

Jiang Xie was amused. “It is afraid.”

Kang Hong didn’t force it. “Once I play with it a few more days, it won’t be afraid of me and will…”

Cat Xie who had no expression. “Dream on!”

Kang Hong exclaimed, “It said yes!”

Xie Xi, “…” In a fit of rage, he drilled into Jiang Xie’s bag and didn’t go out!

The teenagers walked home together, looking like an image of normal students. People who had this habit wouldn’t understand how lonely it was to walk alone.

Kang Hong might be talkative but Xie Xi didn’t hate him. It was because the Jiang Xie in front of him was too quiet and it was unbelievable compared to the Jiang Xie who loved to talk nonsense in Central.

Xie Xi was thinking about coming out once they approached the door of the community when Jiang Xie’s shout was heard. “Kang Hong, be careful!”

Xie Xi, who poked out his head, saw a speeding car rushing straight at Kang Hong. Jiang Xie dropped his bag and flew forward to push Kang Hong away.

Then what about Jiang Xie? How could he escape?

It wasn’t too late. Xie Xi took out the sketch pen and drew a different space shield which protected Jiang Xie’s body.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...