Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Fairytale Town 10

This was the first time Xie Xi had seen X.

He thought X was a bit familiar. Thinking about it, X seemed somewhat similar to the vampire Aix-en?

The hair colour wasn’t the same and the facial features weren’t exact but…

This type of feeling was very similar.

In fact, X’s outfit was very simple and in a plain black colour. There wasn’t the cumbersome medieval Europe style yet he inexplicably gave people such a feeling.

In particular, there was the two different coloured eyes and the laziness that seemed immersed in his bones.

Xie Xi thought to himself, ‘A Persian cat?’

It was really fancy! He hated this person in his heart while he smiled. “God X, hello.”

Jiang Xie was frozen. It wasn’t his fault. This was the first time he was seeing Xie Xi.

He might’ve chased Small Sein for several days and his soul was fascinated by this little guy, but this was actually their first time meeting.

Xie Xi was very good-looking. He had impeccable facial features, clean and delicate skin and was like a flag standing on a mountain, fluttering straight into Jiang Xie’s heart.

—God X, hello ^_^.

Jiang Xie saw the live version. The little guy’s smiling face was exactly the same as the symbol. It was a standard fake smile but it was also lovely to death.

His ‘mechanical’ appearance made Xie Xi sigh with relief. “Sure enough, it is a puppet.”

Jiang Xie’s spirit returned.

Song Qi’s 0 eyes were staring at him. “The living God X, so handsome. Ah, I’m dead. I will die without any regrets!”

Xie Xi, “…”

He was still very wary and kept observing X. He saw X acting indifferently to the stupid Song Qi and his thoughts were once again confirmed.

This was truly a puppet. Indeed, how could a bigshot be summoned so casually? It was estimated that the central will created a substitute for the real people. This was just a NPC with a player’s face.

Once he knew it wasn’t a real person, Xie Xi was too lazy to pretend.

He couldn’t offend the real pervert but how could he be afraid of a puppet that signed a contract?

Xie Xi thought about his anger from the last world and was more and more unwilling to see this fancy Persian cat. Song Qi was still moving around X. “Great figure, this is the legendary golden ratio!”

Xie Xi smiled.

“The eyes are so exciting… don’t look at me… I’m going to faint…” The 0 Song Xi acted out a drama.

Xie Xi gave a brief assessment. “Ugly.”

Song Qi spat out, “You have the aesthetics of a straight man.” The two of them had been together for a while and Song Qi got to know this person better. Xie Xi was beautiful but unfortunately, he couldn’t tell between beauty and ugliness.

Xie Xi glanced at X and saw that X still had a dull face. He completely put down his worries. ‘Okay, this is 100% a puppet and won’t run.’

Jiang Xie was an old fox who had been turned over and over in a pan of oil, how could he not understand this situation? According to common sense, the summoning only summoned the body. There was no rule that the actual person couldn’t come. Jiang Xie had been waiting so long and naturally wouldn’t send over a puppet.

It was a pity that he came but was treated as a puppet. Still, it was kind of fun.

He looked at the change in Xie Xi’s face and found it funny.

The more Song Qi looked, the more reluctant he became. “We can’t do this to him! This is God X. It might be a puppet but it is still top goods!”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Do you want to go down?”

Song Qi hurriedly zipped his mouth.

If it wasn’t for the beauty present, he would’ve already left the cave. This smell was killing people. How could he go do to search for something? It was better to die.

Old Jiang didn’t know what he was about to face but played a show with great interest. He bowed to Xie Xi and whispered, “Master.”

Song Qi took a breath and exclaimed, “God, my god… my ears are pregnant!”

Xie Xi was also shocked…

Jiang Xie’s words were similar to the housekeeper Randy. The posture of the bow, the sloping eyes and the curve of the face were exactly the same!

Haha.

Xie Xi thought, ‘Sure enough, it is that damn person.’

He didn’t forget how the housekeeper Randy had cut off his head.

“Help me obtain something.” Xie Xi didn’t intend to waste time. He needed to obtain the dragon heart in three minutes.

Jiang Xie’s lips curved. “Please give me a command.”

“This blood pool contains something called a dragon heart. Please bring it up.”

Jiang Xie was surprised for a moment.

Song Qi was almost crying, “Brother Qi, how can you do this? That pool is full of rotten corpses. If God X jumps down, his name…” He felt like dying.

Xie Xi’s heart wasn’t moved.

Jiang Xie stared at the blood pool with rotting corpses. He absolutely couldn’t go down there.

He couldn’t see the goodwill in a quasi-world but Jiang Xie suspected that if he really came up from the bloody pool, his appearance would cause a 0 would be added to his -175.

Xie Xi stared at him with dark eyes.

Jiang Xie realized that if he let Xie Xi know he wasn’t really a puppet, there would be two 0s added to the -175.

“Okay, Master.” Jiang Xie accepted it.

Song Qi felt numb at these words.

Xie Xi frowned and unconsciously exposed an alert look. Don’t blame him, Randy and Gars were like this. They had an abnormal heart under the obedient surface!

He had died so often that he learnt to look through the appearance to the essence.

It was fortunate that Jiang Xie couldn’t see the goodwill in a quasi-world or the red -1…

Well, it wouldn’t be a fatal strike when seeing it.

Jiang Xie couldn’t let this little guy go down. How could he let Xie Xi touch the broken corpses? Jiang Xie also wouldn’t dive down to find the dragon heart.

He couldn’t carry items but he had his skills. He could take out the object without going down.

Xie Xi saw X raised his hand. The darkness of his palm was obvious even in the dark cave. It was a big strange, as if the black fog was too dark, causing the surrounding area to be lined with a dark blue light.

Song Qi held his breath and didn’t dare blink. This scene wasn’t common. After all, there was no such sight in this town!

The black mist gathered to the size of a goose egg. Then it lightened and fell rapidly from the slender fingers. It was clearly as light as a feather in Jiang Xie’s palm but now it was a heavy iron ball that slammed into the bloody sea.

For a moment, the whole cave seemed to shake.

Xie Xi looked back and there were no corpses. Only a large white stone was lying at the bottom of a dry pool.

Song Qi screamed loudly, “Amazing!” What was the point of his worry? A bigshot was a bigshot. Who could he raise dung? He only needed to lift his fingers to take care of it He also purified the scary bodies.

Xie Xi was startled and thought, ‘Yes, he really is capable. I can’t afford to provoke him now.’

Jiang Xie raised his hand. The white stone rolled up until it floated in front of Xie Xi.

Xie Xi grabbed the dragon heart and told X, “Thank you.”

Jiang Xie was just about to open his mouth when he was pulled by something and disappeared into thin air.

Three minutes was really fleeting.

Song Qi was full of regrets at not seeing enough. Xie Xi hit him in the forehead and called back his spirit.

Song Qi shook his head and sighed. “Really exciting.”

Xie Xi looked at him. “Do you like him?”

Song Qi laughed and wanted to say that everyone loved beauty. Then he remembered that Xie Xi didn’t love beauty and replied, “You don’t understand the world of the face obsessed.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Song Qi was afraid of a misunderstanding and explained, “It doesn’t matter if I like him. God X is too close to a god and I can only look up to him.”

Xie Xi didn’t fully approve but he admitted that X was extremely powerful.

Song Qi thought about the task and glanced to his bottom right. “The task isn’t completed?”

His side mission was Xie Xi’s main mission. Both of them had to collect the dragon’s heart. By all accounts, it should be completed at the same time.

Xie Xi shook his head. “It seems the task isn’t so simple.”

Song Qi wondered, “Is the dragon heart a fake?”

They glanced at the golden-eyed boy. Unexpectedly, the boy had fainted at an unknown time.

Xie Xi quickly held him. The boy had lost consciousness and seemed like he had fallen into a deep sleep. It was almost unbearable to wake up him. Xie Xi placed a finger under his nose and felt his steady breathing. The vital signs were good. He was just asleep.

Xie Xi called to him. “Xiao Feng?”

The boy showed no reaction.

Song Qi glanced at him. “What’s going on?”

Due to X, the bodies in the cave were gone and even the air had become refreshed.

Xie Xi muttered, “It seems that this dragon heart…” He paused before he could say ‘there is a problem.’

Song Qi followed his gaze and flinched.

The person who arrived had blond hair and ferociously cold eyes. His footsteps were light and he gave off an unpleasant feeling.

Zhong Jin! He found them!

It was over… As soon as God X left, this bastard came. What should they do? Could Xie Xi still use summoning?

Unexpectedly, Zhong Jin smiled at them and said, “Follow me, I will take you to complete this task.”

It wasn’t a fake sunny smile. He really did want to help them.

***

Jiang Xie returned to his garden and Yan Zhe asked him, “How was it? What did you have to do after being summoned?”

He hadn’t done anything in the past few days. He wanted to know the progress of Old Jiang’s love, which was much more interesting than those boring love games.

Yan Zhe said again, “Little Rose is so good to you, he must be very happy when you met!”

He was happy, happy to use Jiang Xie as a excavator.

Jiang Xie calmly said, “Yes, he smiled at me.” The fake smile was also very cute.

Yan Zhe choked because he swallowed dog food after a long time. “What did he call you to do? Was it a person from the Double Beheading School? He wasn’t in danger, was he?”

Jiang Xie really wanted to act as a hero and punish someone but unfortunately…

“He encountered a very tricky problem.” Old Jiang half lied. “I helped him resolve it.”

“Tut.” Yan Zhe didn’t doubt him and felt bitter. “Your goodwill definitely went higher!”

Old Zone, why did you make Old Jiang’s love road so smooth? Yan Zhe wasn’t satisfied!

Jiang Xie looked at the goodwill and saw that it was really ‘higher.

“It just reached 180.”

Yan Zhe was silent for a moment before shouting, “This is too high! Once he comes out, will the two of you get a license to be married?”

Jiang Xie was very clear about this. “He is still young. I will take my time.”

Yan Zhe, “……….”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...