Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Bonus ko-fi chapter

Collapsing 12 Boundaries 5

At first, Cat Xie was just trying to draw one.

There were no falsehoods in the things Xie Xi created with the god’s wisdom. Besides, it was a collapsed small world and everything was directed at him.

As long as Xie Xi draw a money bill, it could pass through layers of testing and it was cheaper than real money.

However, he couldn’t create too much. It wasn’t a matter of worrying about inflation since it wasn’t easy for ordinary people to use all of it. It just wasn’t easy to explain.

One or two could be said to be blown over by the wind… a pile like this was like a tornado sweeping through a bank vault!

Young Aries would be frightened to death!

What should he do? Cat Xie stood on the ‘mountain of money’ and worried about it.

It was only two in the morning. Little Jiang hadn’t woken up yet. Xie Xi had to use this time to destroy the bulk of the money.

It was unrealistic to throw it out. He had to find ways to make them more fragmented.

Xie Xi could draw a shredder using the god’s wisdom but what if the sound woke up Jiang Xie?

Besides, after breaking up these ‘pieces of paper’, how could he dispose of the shredder? Based on Cat Xie’s small body he would be crushed to death by the large amount of money, let alone the machine.

In addition, there was so much money that Xie Xi wouldn’t finish by dawn if he did it one by one.

Xie Xi thought about it and finally came up with a strange trick. Now it wasn’t the beginner version of the god’s wisdom and he could draw anything.

His mindset was confined to Earth but he had experienced many worlds. Why didn’t he try drawing something from one of those worlds?

Xie Xi remembered that there were many high-tech gadgets in the last world, such as the washing ball that allowed him to take a bath and wash clothes. Another example was something the size of a rice grain that could turn into a vehicle…

That’s right! Xie Xi remembered there was an environmental ball dedicated to dealing with garbage.

Just point it at something and the target would take into molecular free objects in the air!

Xie Xi wasn’t sure if he could draw it but it was worth a try. The kitten picked up the sketch pen and drew an image on the god’s wisdom.

The environmental ball was green, the size was almost this big and there were small spots…

That’s it! The sketch pen drew out Xie Xi’s imaginary environmental ball. Let’s check if the god’s wisdom could create a real environmental ball! Xie Xi held his breath and watched quietly…

In fact, the process of creation was very fast and didn’t delay for even 0.1 seconds. It was just that his expectations were so high that it felt like a very long time.

A tennis ball sized green ball rolled towards the paper money. Xie Xi jumped down and grabbed the environmental ball.

The way this thing opened was very simple. He just needed to pull this ring out. Xie Xi stretched out his claws and hooked them hard against the ring…

It was ready! Next, he just had to hold down the button and align the decomposition end with the paper money.

This thing was risk-free for people. He just needed to touch it to the right place and avoid the place that was similar to a ‘blade.’ This was a bit dangerous for a kitten but Xie Xi wasn’t a real cat. He would be careful and nothing would happen.

He tried it and was relieved when the banknotes disappeared into thin air. Fortunately, the creation of the god’s wisdom had no limitations. It seemed that Xie Xi could create anything.

Was this actually creation? It was a bit like copying. After all, creation should mean something that never existed. On the other hand, this environmental ball didn’t exist in this world.

The environmental ball had a limit to its uses and it was an empty shell after all the banknotes were disposed of. Just throw such a thing into the trash can!

Xie Xi looked at the banknotes remaining and was greatly relieved. Next time, he just had to think about making less money.

After acting for so long, Xie Xi was tired and climbed back into Jiang Xie’s bed, yawning in his arms.

Jiang Xie seemed to open his eyes a bit as he gazed at the kitten lying in his arms, cautiously hugging the kitten. He dreamt that he had a companion, a kitten. It turned out that it wasn’t a dream.

After a good night’s sleep, Xie Xi was full of energy and woke up once Jiang Xie opened his eyes.

Jiang Xie wondered, “You woke up?”

Xie Xi told him, “Go and collect the money.” Meow meow meow.

Jiang Xie smiled. “You are really coquettish.”

Xie Xi, “????” Teenager, do you have a misunderstanding of the word coquettish?

Jiang Xie got out of bed while chugging Xie Xi. “Are you hungry? I don’t know what you like to eat so I bought a few trial flavours.”

He was talking about the cat food. Xie Xi scoffed at why he had to eat cat good. Then Jiang Xie opened the packet and poured out the cat food…

Cat Xie’s eyes widened. How could it be so fragrant?

Jiang Xie placed the cat food bowl in front of him. “Try it.”

Xie Xi told himself, “No, I’m a person. I’m really a person.”

He took a bite. Jiang Xie asked, “Is it delicious?”

Cat Xie eating the delicious food. “It isn’t delicious.”

“It is good if you like it.”

Xie Xi shouted, “I don’t like it!”

“Next time, I will buy this for you.”

Xie Xi, “…” Forget it, he didn’t make any sense at all.

After eating and drinking enough, Xie Xi waited for the teenager to pick up the money.

Last night, Xie Xi thought for a while before finding a suitable position and placed the money by a half-open window.

It might seem fantastical that the wind would blow this type of thing but it was more believable than a domestic cat drawing money in the middle of the night!

Jiang Xie came here and was stunned. “This…”

Xie Xi told him, “Teenager, you have enough for today’s meal. Go eat something good.”

His meowed and listened to Jiang Xie mutter, “This is the fourth floor. Is there still paper flying over here?”

Xie Xi froze. “Paper? Are you mistaking money as paper?”

Jiang Xie picked up a 100 yuan bill and wondered, “Is this a banknote?”

Xie Xi heard these words and his heart thumped. Was the currency of this world different from his? The background environment might be similar and Jiang Xie said their words were similar but…

No, Xie Xi was surprised. Why did he think this was Jiang Xie’s original world? Wasn’t this a collapsed quasi-world?

Jiang Xie looked at the banknote and laughed. “I don’t know where it came from but it is quite delicate.”

He seemed to be afraid the kitten would eat something unclean and threw the paper money into the trash.

Xie Xi, “…”

He started from two in the morning and worked hard for three hours to get so little money. He threw it at this person and…

The breadwinner was really tired and Cat Xie lay down.

After eating breakfast, Jiang Xie needed to go and it was reasonable to say that Xie Xi should stay at home. However, he wasn’t reassured.

He had to learn more about the world. It wasn’t just money but also Jiang Xie’s current life. He didn’t come here to be a cat. He had to find the true spirit, even if he didn’t know what that meant.

Jiang Xie put on the school uniform and hung a black bag from one shoulder. He seemed to be going to school? Xie Xi jumped onto his uniform pants and tried to climb up.

Jiang Xie leaned down and picked him up. “Be good at home. I’ll come back after school.”

“Bring me with you.”

One person and one cat were connected at this time. Jiang Xie shook his head. “No, the outside world is too dangerous. I can’t bring you with me.”

“It won’t be dangerous because I won’t leave you.”

Jiang Xie tried to coax him. “Be good and I’ll bring a new toy when I come back.”

Xie Xi remembered the stick from last night and wanted to glare at this person. Jiang Xie thought Xie Xi was coaxed, put down Xie Xi and changed his shoes. Xie Xi hugged his calf again.

Jiang Xie didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. “I really can’t take you with me.”

Xie Xi didn’t say anything. After all, he couldn’t be understood. He just tried to climb up and drill under this person’s uniform.

Jiang Xie was probably afraid Xie Xi would scratch his pants and held Xie Xi in his arms. “Be obedient.” Jiang Xie was trying to coax the cat again.

Xie Xi climbed into his clothes. Fortunately, the kitten was really small and the uniform was big. Xie Xi didn’t show up at all.

In any case, this was a teenager and it was the first time the teenager had a companion. Jiang Xie was hesitant.

Xie Xi proved with actions that he could be very good and quiet. Jiang Xie’s eyes flashed and he had the illusion that this kitten could understand the human language.

How could it be? This was just a kitten.

Jiang Xie sighed. “If you are discovered then I will send you home.”

Xie Xi didn’t say anything since he wouldn’t be discovered. Jiang Xie felt his clothes move and found the kitten wrapped around his waist, a small ball that wouldn’t fall off.

He smiled and fished Xie Xi out. Xie Xi’s eyes widened as he thought he would be left behind again. Jiang Xie told him, “Go into my bag and don’t run around.”

Xie Xi wouldn’t.

He finally managed to follow Jiang Xie out the door and had two goals for this trip. One was to look at the appearance of currency and the other was to look at Jiang Xie’s living environment.

The former wasn’t urgent but the latter made Xie Xi completely distressed.

On the way, Jiang Xie didn’t speak to anyone. After arriving at school, Xie Xi heard the noise of students but none of them greeted Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie quietly walked alone and Xie Xi could imagine the coldness, even if he couldn’t see the teenager.

They arrived at the classroom and Jiang Xie sat in the last row. He had a double table to himself. The only benefit was that Xie Xi didn’t need to worry about being discovered. As long as he didn’t make a sound, no one would look this way.

Jiang Xie was afraid that it would be stuffy for Xie Xi and pulled him out of the bag, fingers pressed against the cat out of fear of him running around.

Xie Xi honestly lay in the open drawer of the table and licked this person’s fingertips.

Jiang Xie grinned and patted his little head. Xie Xi’s heart was pained. Why was such a good teenager isolated?

Soon, Xie Xi found that it wasn’t just the students who didn’t talk to Jiang Xie. The teachers didn’t even look at him.

There were three lectures in two classrooms in the morning. Not a single teacher asked Jiang Xie a question all morning.

In the large classroom filled with many people, Jiang Xie seemed invisible. It wasn’t until the last class in the morning that there was some turmoil.

He heard the class teacher say, “Kang Hong is from the province and transferred here due to his parent’s work. In the future, he will be our classmate!”

Then a teenager introduced himself. Xie Xi looked through the table gaps but unfortunately couldn’t see anything.

Jiang Xie’s situation didn’t change because of the transfer student. After school, he placed the kitten in his bag. Before going home, he went to the bathroom first. As he was washing his hands, voices were heard outside.

“Kang Hong, you must stay far away from Jiang Xie. He is very dangerous.”

The transfer student wondered, “What’s wrong with him?”

Jiang Xie’s classmate explained, “His eyes are ghost eyes and anyone he stares at will die.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...