Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Ring

Xie Xi couldn’t help saying to Jiang Xie, “…The little moon is too cute.”

His voice was very low and he whispered it into Jiang Xie’s ears. In fact, speaking loudly was fine since this was more like a playback.

Jiang Xie deliberately leaned close to Xie Xi and whispered. “No, you’re the cute one.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie patched up a bit of his brain. “What did you look like when you were a child?”

He must’ve been the loveliest baby in the world.

Xie Xi laughed. “Teacher, this carries a minimum of a three years prison sentence or the maximum death penalty.”

Teacher Jiang winked. “What are you thinking, little friend? I only have a fatherly heart towards the underage you.”

Xie Xi unceremoniously dismantled him. “Fatherly? What damn father?”

“Cough…” Jiang Xie cleared his throat.”Baby, you have a deep misunderstanding of me. I think it is necessary for us to talk in depth.”

Xie Xi hadn’t adapted to this messy name even after 60 years and cried out, “Don’t call me that!”

“Yes Dear.”

Xie Xi raised his eyebrows and glared at him.

Jiang Xie compromise. “I was wrong. We are married and I’m your legal husband. I should call you… wife.”

Xie Xi shouted angrily, “If you want to see me leave then keep calling me that!”

Jiang Xie had no lower limit but had to say, “Okay, you are my husband.” It was still marriage!

Xie Xi, “………………”

If it wasn’t for the fact that he would’ve lost, Xie Xi would’ve killed him by now! The green 999 goodwill became 998.

Jiang Xie instantly sobered up while his heart dripped blood like a boss experiencing a 50 billion yuan loss.

He tried to turn the tide by making a pair of shining silver things appear in his palm.

Xie Xi was staring at the plot when he felt something cold on his ring finger. He looked down and froze.

Jiang Xie asked, “Can you help me put it on?”

It was a pair of rings. The larger one was engraved with Xie Xi’s name while the smaller one had Jiang Xie’s name.

Xie Xi stared at it while the tip of his nose became sour. This pair of rings was bought by Xie Xi and were their wedding rings. He and Jiang Xie and engraved the words together, doing their best to write each other’s name on the ring.

Xie Xi hadn’t taken it off for 60 years and Jiang Xie was the same.

Until the end of their lives, this pair of rings were worn on their fingers. Their bodies turned into dead bones but these rings, engraved with the names of the two people, always shone beautifully.

Xie Xi stared at the ring and wondered, “Is there a rope?’

“Hrmm?”

Xie Xi repeated, “A rope.”

Jiang Xie took out a thin black rope.

Xie Xi glared at him. “One more.”

Jiang Xie took out another one and couldn’t help saying, “Can’t you wear the ring on your finger?”

He lost a goodwill point. Did the child not want to stay with him forever? Jiang Xie didn’t lose 50 billion yuan. It felt like he was bankrupt and owed 50 billion yuan.

Xie Xi ignored him and carefully put the ring on the black rope, placing a fixed bar to prevent it from slipping. Jiang Xie was opening his mouth again when Xie Xi interrupted. “Come over.”

Jiang Xie hesitantly didn’t move. Xie Xi felt amused and angrily as he got up and tied the black rope with the ring around Jiang Xie’s neck.

Jiang Xie reluctantly said, “This is a ring. Why do you want to make it a neckla…”

Xie Xi handed the black rope to him. “Help me put it on.”

Jiang Xie, “…” He honestly helped Xie Xi while taking the opportunity to touch his white neck.

Xie Xi’s body trembled slightly and he shifted his gaze. “Okay, watch the plot.”

Jiang Xie stared at the black line again the fair skin. “This isn’t suitable as a necklace. I have…”

Xie Xi stared straight ahead. “It was a game.”

Jiang Xie’s heart throbbed. The tip of Xie Xi’s ears were slightly red but he spoke earnestly, “Don’t you want a real wedding?”

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi felt that his entire body was boiling and gulped. “I mean… we… well…”

He couldn’t speak because Jiang Xie kissed him. How could he endure this? How could this be endured? Jiang Xie felt that if he didn’t do anything, he would be stimulated until he was sick.

Xie Xi had given him a proper stimulation and couldn’t push him away… he also didn’t want to push it away.

After wearing the ring on the black rope, Xie Xi stared carefully. It was their rings and Jiang Xie had completely restored them. Even the most subtle scratches and the way it adjusted to the shape of their fingers after many years were still there.

60 years, it was like looking back on their past. Xie Xi had many things he couldn’t remember but he remembered every moment with Jiang Xie.

The appearance of Xie Su, his childhood memories and the cold and lonely nights had all become faint. The nightmare he was entangled with had long disappeared without a trace due to Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi wanted to understand the whole Jiang Xie and he also wanted Jiang Xie to understand the new Xie Xi.

This pair of rings was a dream of the past and they had an infinite future.

Jiang Xie released Xie Xi and said, “We’ll go now…”

Xie Xi covered his mouth and exclaimed, “I haven’t graduated yet!”

Jiang Xie blinked. Xie Xi spoke helplessly, “Do you want to be with me for a day or…”

“To be born from age to age.”

Xie Xi’s eyes curved. “Then we should know more about each other.”

“But we…”

“You aren’t Professor Jiang and I’m not your student.”

They had understood each other for 60 years in the dream but that was the Jiang Xie and Xie Xi in the dream.

In reality, Jiang Xie was a designer with ‘eternal life’ and Xie Xi was a beginner collector.

The gap was so big. How could they be together? Hadn’t Xie Xi always been dependent on Jiang Xie? Xie Xi couldn’t allow that. Being needed without losing himself, he knew exactly what he wanted. It was walking side by side and mutually supporting each other for a long time.

Jiang Xie’s heart was a soft mess as he whispered, “Okay, I am waiting for you.”

Once he grew up and became stable, they would be together for a long time. Xie Xi put it out of his mind right now. He turned his head away with embarrassment. “Don’t disturb me from watching the plot!”

Jiang Xie nodded. “I won’t disturb you.”

His big hand stretched out like a thief. Xie Xi wanted to take it off but Jiang Xie had already clasped their fingers together.

Xie Xi, “…” He allowed his hand to be held.

The plot of the sun and moon wasn’t a continuation of when they departed from the world but an earlier time.

The open world did have residents who were normal humans. They weren’t developed in science and technology and were a farming society.

At this time, the sun was an adult and the moon was a child. It was unknown how they were born but they contained a powerful force.

To be precise, the sun had a powerful force.

At first, he only helped a group of people who were going to starve to death. The moon was unhappy and thought he was meddling.

The sun just smiled and kissed his forehead. “I’m just helping them.”

The moon frowned and told him, “It’s going to be troublesome.” The sun told him, “You can’t be so indifferent.”

The moon didn’t overdo it. “Hmm.”

The sun hugged the little moon in his arms. “Okay, Big Brother won’t care about them. Shall I just stay with you?”

The little moon grabbed his clothes and spoke disdainfully. “You aren’t my older brother!”

The sun told him, “Yes, you were born earlier than me. Shall I call you Big Brother?”

The little moon looked at his hand and then the sun’s big size. “How are you so big?”

The sun poked him in his small chest. “Who told you to be so picky and not eat well? That’s why you’re not growing.”

The little moon held his finger and exclaimed, “You grew too fast!”

The sun smiled but there was a faint hint of worry in his eyes.

They were born together but the moon always maintained the body of a young child and showed no signs of growing up. The sun didn’t know the reason but he was really worried. He had left the Holy Land to find the cause.

The little moon frowned. “I don’t like it here.”

“Let’s look again. Once it is boring, we’ll go back.”

The little moon was silent and lay quietly in his arms.

The two brothers were actually very simple. In particular, the sun had a ‘divine power’ but also a friendly personality. He soon attracted a group of people.

The moon’s personality was cold and didn’t like to talk to people. However, people didn’t care because he was just a child and they circled around the sun.

At first, the sun only helped them a bit. Then more and more people came and the help became more troublesome.

The little moon scolded, “They can build a house on their own. Why are they asking for your help with everything?”

The sun replied, “It takes them a few months to build a house while I can do it in a day.”

The little moon said, “So what? While you’re building it, they…”

“Once I come back, I’ll bring you some sugar to eat.”

The little moon hugged his chest. “I won’t eat!”

The sun suggested, “Two?”

The moon, “…”

“Three, okay?”

The little moon shouted, “Get out of here!”

The sun left and the little moon stayed inside the house. He was afraid to go out. Since the sun wasn’t here, he couldn’t even leave the room.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to go out, it was that he couldn’t. The light outside was so great that he would be burned without the sun.

The little moon was bored in the house. Whenever he heard a bit of movement, he would stand up to look and then be disappointed when he didn’t see anyone.

After waiting a long time, he slept with the quilt in his arms and then the sun came back.

The little moon’s eyes brightened and his lips curved. However, he had a straight face once the sun entered. “You are so noisy when coming back, you woke me up from my sleep!”

Unfortunately, his face was too soft to frighten people.

The sun smiled. “I’ll take a shower first.” He was dirty and afraid the little moon wouldn’t be happy.

The little moon didn’t like looking at his back since he always felt the sun would leave again. The small moon was very panicked but bit his lower lip and didn’t say anything.

After a while, the sun came back with three candies.

The little moon told him, “I don’t like this type of thing.”

The sun said, “It is very sweet. I had them wrap it with extra sugar.”

“I don’t like sugar.”

“If you don’t want to eat…” The sun asked, “Shall I eat it?”

The little moon grabbed the sugar. “This is mine. I will throw it away but I won’t give it to you to eat!”

The sun smiled, “Okay, don’t eat too much. It won’t last long.”

It was unknown which pot was opened but the little moon bit the sun’s arms. “I will eat you once I grow up!”

The little moon often bit him when losing his temper. The sun wasn’t hurt at all and was just afraid of the teeth falling out.

The next day, the sun went out early in the morning and tried to coax the little moon with candy again, only for the moon to shout angrily, “If you go then don’t come back!”

The sun explained, “There’s always something hanging around the woods lately. I have to check it.”

The little moon asked, “Why is it your business? That thing can’t hurt us!”

The sun stated, “The town is finished if it comes out.”

The little moon wondered, “Why does it matter if it is finished? We can just return to the Holy Land.”

The sun told him, “It will kill a lot of people.”

The little moon was speechless.

The sun left and the little moon looked at the two remaining pieces of candy with anger.

‘It will kill a lot of people… so what? You haven’t slept for a long time.’

The little moon woke up again when he heard movement from afar. He thought the sun was back and jumped out of the bed with joy, only to find it was a few strangers.

He was stunned and could perfectly hear the low voices.

“Is it that child?”

“Yes, it’s him.”

“If we take him away, we can really make the sun go to our city?”

“Yes, he might be a god but even he has a soft spot.”

“Once we take his son away, the sun won’t…”

“How can we tie him up? We are just taking him to play. He is a little kid and is easy to trick.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...