Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 10 Boundaries 14

Even without Sloth stirring up trouble, Jiang Xie’s brain could make up 100,000 words.

Such as Xie Xi couldn’t forget his old lover even after reincarnation, he saw Jiang Xie who looked exactly the same and felt something…

These thoughts changed the sweetness that the two people experienced together, the sugar changing to a knife that could piece people’s heart, liver and lungs.

Greed added firewood. “It is the first time I’ve seen someone who looks like the Demon God.”

What was so strange? They were all talented people!

Xie Xi was afraid that Jiang Xie would abuse himself and hurriedly changed the topic. “I have no impression of what happened in the past. How do I wake up the Demon God?”

He was worthy of being an ‘old hand’ at this. The translation was that he didn’t remember the Demon God at all and the next sentence drove forward the main point and making it a gesture of public service.

This attitude barely gave Jiang Xie a slight comfort. Then Sloth deliberately stimulated Jiang Xie. “As long as you absorb the memories from before your reincarnation, you will know how to wake up the Demon God.”

Xie Xi knew there was a pit in front of him but he hadn’t expected the pit to be so deep!

If he didn’t recover his memories, Jiang Xie would think he was a substitute. If Xie Xi took back the memories, he could wake up the Demon God but what about the angel? Would it be minutes before Heaven collapsed?

The world was innocent. Don’t let it be destroyed so easily!

Jiang Xie immediately cried out, “No!”

He was already very upset. If Xie Xi acquired the memories, would he still be with Xie Xi?

Envy sneered. “There is no room for you to speak here.” This was too much.

Xie Xi wasn’t happy but he could understand the mood of the domain masters. After all, the Demon World would collapse. If it could be saved using the memories of Xie Xi’s past life, they wouldn’t frown if they had to sacrifice Xie Xi.

Still, Xie Xi wasn’t happy. Angel Jiang was pitiful enough, why keep bullying him?

Xie Xi held Jiang Xie’s hand and told him, “I will listen to you.”

The words stunned everyone present. Jiang Xie glanced at Xie Xi but before he could open his mouth, Envy cried out, “Xie Xi, are you crazy? For this man, you don’t care about the Demon World?”

Xie Xi gazed at Envy. “Don’t talk nonsense. The Demon World has nothing to do with me.”

It was the Demon God hurting the Demon World and this was related to Xie Xi but… he wouldn’t tell this to Envy!

Envy muttered, “You…”

Sloth was much calmer. He stopped Envy and said to Jiang Xie, “I apologize for Envy. He said something wrong just now. This really does require the opinions of both of you.”

He had emotional intelligence and high judgment.

Xie Xi had to cooperate with them but he also had to look after Jiang Xie. He couldn’t let people bully him! Xie Xi stayed close to Jiang Xie and didn’t speak.

Sloth looked at Jiang Xie. “Xie Xi is the master of lust. Even if he doesn’t absorb the memories before reincarnation, he will inherit the position of domain master and will remember it.”

One of the six pillars of the Demon World was Xie Xi. Once Xie Xi gained enough power, he would inherit the position of Lord Lust and also think of these past things.

However, this was on the premise that Xie Xi would inherit it. If the Demon World was gone, the pillars would be finished and Xie Xi would…

Unfortunately, the other five domain masters wouldn’t allow such a thing to happen.

Sloth said Jiang Xie’s opinion would be considered but Jiang Xie couldn’t stop it. The three domain masters wouldn’t just watch the Demon World collapse.

Xie Xi also knew these things yet he still said he would listen to Jiang Xie… Xie Xi was worried and comforting him. Jiang Xie felt it but still felt bitter.

If… Xie Xi and the Demon God really…

Sloth spoke again. “Some things can’t be solved by escaping. It is only when we face them that we can hope to eradicate them.”

This was exactly what Xie Xi wanted to say.

He gazed at Jiang Xie and took the opportunity to ask, “How about we go together?”

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi added, “Together, we will receive the memories of before my reincarnation.”

The three domain masters hadn’t expected Xie Xi to say this…

Xie Xi had no other way. Rather than let Angel Jiang think wildly, he might as well watch the ‘pre-existing summary’ and maybe he could resolve the world in one fell swoop!

Of course, Xie Xi had another idea. He always felt this wasn’t a dead knot but a knot that could be opened with a slight pull.

This was a worthwhile gamble. He would either clarify the situation or maintain the status quo. Why should he block it?

Jiang Xie muttered, “The memories before your reincarnation…”

“I don’t want to hide anything from you. It doesn’t matter so shall we face it together?”

It was so moving. How could Jiang Xie refuse?

Even if Xie Xi really loved the Demon God in his previous life, at this moment, Jiang Xie believed that Xie Xi was in love with him and loved him wholeheartedly.

Jiang Xie was satisfied with this firm confidence and trust. “Okay.”

The three domain masters looked at each other and exchanged opinions with their eyes.

Finally, Greed pulled out a pure white ball of light and told Xie Xi, “This contains the memories of your past life. If you want to share it with Jiang Xie then you can go in together.”

Xie Xi nodded and picked up the white light ball. The three domain masters retreated, giving them enough privacy.

Jiang Xie stared at the light ball. “I really…”

Xie Xi approached and kissed him. “Trust me, I love you.”

He didn’t dare say that the past had passed since he didn’t know what the past was.

Jiang Xie’s expression became determined. “Yes.”

The two people’s minds entered the light ball and a large number of memories instantly filled their minds. They understood it all at once.

Xie Xi’s heart was happy and he recalled this pre-existing summary.

The memories of his childhood passed quickly and he focused on the party after Xie Xi entered university.

Xie Xi was once again a stop student. It wasn’t only this life but his life before reincarnation. The master of lust was an academic master.

Jiang Xie really arranged Xie Xi neatly.

Xie Xi might be a succubus but he was a unique succubus.

In his sophomore year, his professor shouted at him, “You can’t drag it out any longer. You have to accept the ceremony of adulthood.”

Xie Xi nodded. “I know.”

The professor was very worried about him.”Don’t just say you know with your mouth! Your body should also adapt. A succubus not liking s*x is going against nature!”

Xie Xi didn’t make a sound.

The professor sighed. “How is there a succubus like you? Pick and choose, who do you want to choose?”

Xie Xi replied, “I don’t like people and I can still get high scores.”

The professor was angry. “You are very powerful. You only watch movies yet you are the most accurate student. You can get first in the year but what is the use? You are a 22 year old succubus and a virgin! If this is known, the entire Demon World will laugh!”

Xie Xi didn’t open his eyes and his lips were tightly pressed together.

The professor said, “I’m not interfering with your private life but you have to think about yourself. You must hold the adulthood ceremony at the age of 23. You also know that experiencing the ceremony as a virgin will lead to death!”

Xie Xi’s brow was tight. “I know.”

“I have a seminar in the Sixth Domain the day after. Come with me.”

Xie Xi looked up at him.

The professor was really angry. “You don’t look at any of the stinky people in the First Domain. If you go to the Sixth Domain and still don’t pick a person then I won’t care about you!”

Xie Xi spoke with some shame, “Professor…”

The professor poked him in the head. “How is there a person with your brains?”

It was no wonder why the reincarnated Xie Xi would experience such danger in the adult ceremony. He was both a theoretical and practical idiot!

In his last life, he had a professor who cared about him. After reincarnation, he went to Heaven and knew nothing about the situation of succubi. Of course, it was useless to know. Who would guess that a succubus would have no experience?

Xie Xi followed the professor to the Sixth Domain.

Ordinary demons of the First Domain weren’t qualified to come here. It wasn’t only a status problem but they also couldn’t withstand the pressure of the deeper demon realm.

Of course, Xie Xi’s trip wasn’t a long-term stay and it was only temporary. His body could withstand it for a few weeks or the professor wouldn’t have dared bring him.

He was called an assistant but the professor just wanted him to go out and hook people. Thus, the professor didn’t care about Xie Xi at all and even rushed him away.

Xie Xi wanted to live up to the professor’s heart and went out.

He didn’t know why he was like this. Succubi used s*x as food and it was like ordinary people eating and drinking. He was like an anorexic person and it was inevitable that the professor would worry about him.

Xie Xi really couldn’t go on like this. He couldn’t drag out the adult ceremony and once the ceremony was held, he either needed to have s*x with someone or he would die.

Rather than choosing anyone because he was hungry, it was better to choose someone pleasing in advance and quickly get rid of his virginity. Then he wouldn’t have to worry.

Thus, Xie Xi seriously went to a bar every night. He wanted to find a slightly eye-catching person to resolve the current crisis.

His professor had told him, “You stinky boy, if you don’t even look at people in the Sixth Domain then do you want the Demon God in the Seventh Domain?”

Xie Xi even said, “No, that won’t happen.”

The professor said, “Don’t you dare say that you know.”

Xie Xi smiled bitterly, “How am I worthy to meet the lord?”

The professor chased him away, “Go ahead, come back and be sure to let me see a new you.”

Poor Xie Xi spent five or six days at the bars and wasn’t interested in any demon.

During this period, many big demons came up to talk to him. Men and women, black and white-skinned… there were all types.

However, Xie Xi became nauseous when he thought about sleeping with them and didn’t even want to talk to them.

By the eighth day, if Xie Xi wasn’t afraid of the professor then he really didn’t want to go out.

He was drinking in a corner when a grey-haired demon approached him. “Go with me?”

Xie Xi had previously rejected him and today he wasn’t interested. “No.”

Who would’ve expected the big demon to suddenly grab his hand and pull him up. “Low level succubus, what are you doing here? I have to sleep with you tonight.”

A demon who could live in the Sixth Domain definitely wasn’t low grade. Xie Xi was his opponent but just his wrist being held gave the illusion that his hand would be broken. “You, let go!” He cried out painfully.

The grey-haired demon pulled him straight up. “Let go? I’ll let you…”

“Let him go.” A low voice was heard.

The grey-haired demon opened his mouth. “He is with me first, you…”

He hadn’t finished his words when he saw the person behind him. The demon who was as arrogant and domineering as a rooster suddenly lost all momentum. “DDDDDD God…” He couldn’t speak.

Xie Xi turned his head and met a pair of deep purple eyes.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...