Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 28

There were no boundaries between the past and the present? What did that mean?

Xie Xi whispered and repeated it.

“You might understand it better this way.” Jiang Xie changed his words. “On the timeline, your position is always the present.”

Xie Xi really did understand and it felt like his mind opened. “You mean, there is no past and future?”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Linear time is human imagination. People will die so time continues to pass, but real time isn’t bound by anything. It only exists in the moment.”

Xie Xi understood. “However, people use their own way of thinking to understand.”

“That’s why you only need to use yourself as a reference.”

Xie Xi nodded. “I get it!”

He used to go around a dead end. People often thought about a paradox. Changing the past would affect the future, just like the butterfly effect. How would the future turn out if there was a slight change in the past?

Now Jiang Xie gave him an answer.

Time didn’t exist in the past and the future. The things that individuals experienced was always the present. Even if Xie Xi saw memories of the past in the god’s wisdom, it was still the present for Xie Xi.

With Xie Xi as a reference, time was always the persent. He went to the so-called ‘past’ but also experienced the ‘now.’ Since there was no ‘past’, it didn’t matter if he changed the future.

Xie Xi was relieved. “Then I want to stop Houqing from being injured.”

“Go.”

Xie Xi still missed Nine Tails and asked, “Is it really fine for Nine Tails to be sealed in the god’s wisdom?”

Today’s Jiang Xie was a mysterious old evil. HIs lips curved in a smile. “There is no clear boundary between reality and falsehood.”

Xie Xi was stunned and his eyes widened. “This…”

Jiang Xie coughed and covered his chest. “Dear, you really don’t plan to kiss me 1314 times to ease my broken heart and bones…?”

Xie Xi glared at him. “I will hit you 1314 times!”

“You want to hit me for a lifetime? Then I can make an appointment for the next life and the next life…”

Xie Xi remembered that 1314 was a homophone for ‘lifetime’ and wasn’t very pleased. “You wait!”

He no longer paid attention to this person and reached out to the god’s wisdom.

Houqing’s body was really bad. Despite Jiang Xie’s poor mouth, his body was really in pain. The most important thing was to help ease this as soon as possible.

As he entered the god’s wisdom, Xie Xi was still thinking about Jiang Xie’s sentence.

‘There is no boundary between reality and falsehood.

Did it mean inside the god’s wisdom and outside the god’s wisdom? Or did it mean something else?

The reason Xie Xi didn’t ask was because he felt that Jiang Xie also couldn’t say it clearly. After all, his contact with this quasi-world was more one-sided than Xie Xi. There were still many things that Xie Xi needed to find the answer to himself.

Xie Xi opened his eyes and was filled with fascinating colours. Where was this? Was this the sea of roses painted in the god’s wisdom?

“Lord Flower God!” A clear voice was heard and a girl in a goose yellow skirt jumped over. “It’s late, let’s go.”

Wasn’t this the god’s wisdom of Houqing? What was this? Where was Houqing?

Xie Xi didn’t say anything and the girl blinked. “Lord Flower God?”

Xie Xi turned to look at her. “Hmm?”

The girl tilted her head and wondered, “Lord Flower God, do you need to rest?”

This name wasn’t a surprise to Xie Xi. In the setting of the quasi-world, he must be the flower god. He just didn’t know how he turned into a white rose.

“It’s fine. I was just thinking about something.” Xie Xi explained to the girl.

The girl didn’t ask much and spoke cheerfully, “Let’s go. The flowers are waiting.”

Xie Xi had no idea where he was going but the girl said this and he could only follow to explore the background.

It stood to reason that Houqing should be around him, otherwise the memory would jump. However, he looked around and didn’t see any different coloured eyes.

The presence of the souls was very high. If he was present, Xie Xi should see him. What happened? The god’s wisdom wasn’t the same as before?

Xie Xi temporarily turned off these thoughts and followed the girl outside.

He was in a colourful garden with countless flowers swaying in the wind. The air was filled with fascinating aromas and it was so beautiful that it didn’t seem real.

The concerning thing was that there was a wide variety of flowers but no roses. What was going on?

The girl was excited. “This is my first time participating in the Hundred Flowers Festival. I’m so happy!”

Hundred Flowers Festival? Xie Xi had gone there once in Azure Dragon’s god’s wisdom and was injured there. Then he was rescued by Azure Dragon. It turned out that this event originated from the era of the flower god.

If it was normally like this, the flower festival of this time must be livelier than the later generations.

There was a young man in green pretending to be an adult. “You little jasmine who has never seen the world!”

It turned out that the girl was a jasmine. However, wasn’t jasmine mostly white? Why was she goose-yellow?

Well, normally jasmine didn’t turn into pretty girls He shouldn’t pursue these details.

The little jasmine cried out angrily, “Little daisy, you only participated once!”

Xie Xi, “…” It turned out this green person was… hey, a daisy.

The little daisy retorted. “When I attended the Last Hundred Flowers Festival, you hadn’t transformed yet.”

“So what if I hadn’t transformed? I am now more powerful than you!”

The little daisy’s soft belly was poked. “If you weren’t around the flower god every day…”

The two flowers kept arguing. A woman in white who was obviously older arrived and interrupted them. “What is this noise? How can you act so unruly in front of the flower god?”

Her words caused the two small flowers to stop. They timidly shrank towards Xie Xi and said, “Sister Magnolia.”

The white magnolia bowed to Xie Xi. “Don’t be too lenient on them. They are becoming increasingly impudent.” She stared at the two flowers as she spoke.

Xie Xi waved his hand. “It’s fine.”

The two flowers beamed and Magnolia sighed. “Lord Flower God, you are really too kind.”

The flowers came forward again and laughed innocently. “Lord Flower God is the best!”

Xie Xi didn’t have a friendly personality. He didn’t like being around many people and usually stayed alone.

Looking at his situation, the flower god was lively. He had to be like this for a while and… he really didn’t hate the little jasmine and daisy.

The group walked out of the garden to the hustle and bustle outside.

The so-called Hundred Flowers Festival, just listening to these words felt colourful and gorgeous. Once it was actually seen, he realized that all adjectives were pale and weak in front of such beauty and colour.

There was no limit to a human’s imagination but this bustling appearance wasn’t something that an average person could sketch out.

Xie Xi appeared and all the flowers dressed in costumes bowed. Their clear and melodious voices greeted him, “I greet Lord Flower God. May Lord Flower God be prosperous and live forever.”

Xie Xi saw this and paused slightly. “Get up.”

Magnolia came forward and named people one by one. The named flowers were full of joy and sat on a white jade chair in excitement.

Xie Xi heard Magnolia say, “This might be the Hundred Flowers Festival but there are endless flowers in the world. Those on the list shouldn’t be too proud. You should continue to work hard to find your place in the flower world.”

Xie Xi also knew this. This practice was passed onto later generations but unfortunately, there was no longer a gift from the flower god. It was fixed at 100 flowers.

At this time, the roses didn’t seem to have a seat and were considered ‘wildflowers.’

The party started and the flowers showed their talents.

Xie Xi was quite interested because the flowers were simple. Their competition was also simple and rough. Good was good and bad was bad. The flowers didn’t hesitate.

The flowers that received bad reviews weren’t annoyed and only spoke in an ashamed manner, “I will work harder next time.”

Xie Xi gave a few words of encouragement and the flowers praised him again, calling him kind and affectionate. The flower god was the only belief in the flower world.

Xie Xi had been paying attention but he didn’t see any different coloured eyes among the flowers.

In the present world, Houqing was the ancestor of zombies. What about this memory? Was he already a little zombie?

Xie Xi didn’t find any other species among the flowers.

At the end of the Hundred Flowers Festival, Xie Xi didn’t have any unexpected discoveries. Was Houqing hiding in this Hundred Flowers Festival, secretly watching him but never showing up?

He was truly a pitiful little thing. How was Xie Xi going to find him? Xie Xi was worried.

The Hundred Flowers Event ended and on the way back, the small jasmine suddenly said, “The rose family weren’t seen again this year.”

The little daisy replied, “There is no way. If the rose family doesn’t transform then they can’t enter.”

Xie Xi’s mind moved and he told him, “You go back first. I have something to do.”

The little jasmine hurriedly opened her mouth, “Flower God, where are you going? We will follow and wait!”

These two little flowers just wanted to play. Xie Xi thought about it and it didn’t matter. “Come on, let’s go to Rose Mountain.”

The two flowers glanced at each other. “Your Excellency is so kind.”

Xie Xi, “???” He just wanted to find Houqing. What were these two flowers thinking?

The little jasmine said, “The roses will definitely be grateful to you.”

The little daisy smiled. “Yes, when Lord Flower God came to our Daisy Mountain, I opened my wisdom and became an adult.”

The little jasmine yelled at him, “You told me you transformed with your own strength!”

The little daisy gave it away but refused to back down. “O-Of course is it with my own strength. To be seen by Lord Flower God is based on my strength!”

Xie Xi didn’t interject and let them continue. In any case, it didn’t hinder him. In the present time, Rose Mountain was very different. The painting on the god’s wisdom was really the scenery of Rose Mountain.

There was a large sea of roses but none of them had transformed to a human form. Xie Xi approached the sea of roses, thinking about how to find Houqing…

Then the little jasmine blinked repeatedly. “Is that a child?”

The little daisy wondered, “Has someone in the rose family finally transformed?”

Xie Xi looked over and saw a small child standing on a small vine. At this time, the small child looked over, the different coloured eyes shining as beautifully as two clear gems.

Xie Xi was stunned. He never thought he would see such a small Houqing!

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...