Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 8 Boundaries 8

Usually, Jiang Xie washed the clothes since it was uncomfortable for Xie Xi to touch cold water at night.

Jiang Xie refused to let him touch it after he saw Xie Xi’s hands becoming frozen in summer.

Xie Xi saw that this person had grown up and had great strength. Thus, he didn’t bother.

Then what about his clothes now?

The s*x education in the village was very well in place and Jiang Xie must realize what had happened.

It was a physiological problem that happened to everyone but it was still very embarrassing. In particular, Jiang Xie was still in estrus and Xie Xi didn’t want to go to bed with him.

Going to bed wouldn’t help the person solve the problem!

Xie Xi could draw a clean ball and place it on the clothes.

However, the clean ball had disadvantages. Its cleaning ability was too strong. Not only would it get rid of the stickiness, it would sweep away all the dirt on the clothes, making the clothes look new.

How could he explain it to the little lion if the originally yellow clothes suddenly became snowy white?

Other things such as a washing machine weren’t good. It was simple to draw them but hiding them was the big problem.

Xie Xi pondered on it for a while before finally drawing a clean ball.

Explaining why his clothes were so clean was much better than explaining why they were sticky!

He didn’t know that the little lion had secretly gone to wash his clothes before dawn.

Jiang Xie was even more afraid of being discovered by Xie Xi and didn’t dare to wash in the cave. In the early morning, he carried a basin to the well at the village entrance and took advantage of no one being there to vigorously wash his clothes.

The temperature difference between night and day in the Tiger Country was great. It was hot at noon but cold in the early morning. In particular, the water that just came out of the well was icy cold.

Jiang Xie urgently needed this cold water. He couldn’t wait to pour this bucket of water onto his head to calm his boiling self down.

It was just a dream… a dream…

Jiang Xie hypnotized himself while washing his clothes. ‘I won’t treat him like that. I won’t treat my saviour as a female. Definitely, definitely not!’

After doing enough psychological construction, Jiang Xie returned to the cave just as Xie Xi also woke up.

Xie Xi had returned to sleep and also deliberately rubbed the clothes everywhere in order to make it look shabby.

However, he was too aggressive and the neckline opened, exposing half his shoulders when he got up in a confused manner.

Jiang Xie had done a good job on psychological construction but it collapsed the moment he saw Xie Xi like this.

Xie Xi noticed his gaze but thought he was aware of the snow-white clothes and hurriedly said, “It is a bit cold so I wore clothes.”

The moment he opened his mouth, Jiang Xie’s senses returned. He felt the impulses and turned to leave. “I’m going to cook.”

Xie Xi covered up. “Okay.”

Jiang Xie returned to the kitchen and washed his face, only to suddenly realize a problem.

Previously, he often dressed Xie Xi and Xie Xi never guarded against him. Why today?

A drop of water slipped down his cheek and fell onto his neck, giving a chill.

Did Xie Xi perceive Xie Xi’s thoughts about him?

Jiang Xie squirmed in a shy and afraid manner.

Would Xie Xi drive Jiang Xie away if he knew Jiang Xie’s thoughts?

Xie Xi, who had a ‘teenager’s thoughts’, dressed himself and carefully hid the clothes.

Stay steady. As long as he wore it often, the clothes wouldn’t be white!

As always, Xie Xi went to the village after breakfast to help check the bodies of the tigers.

Tigers rarely suffered from things such as headaches. It was mostly trauma from hunting.

They knew that Xie Xi was physically weak and didn’t bother him with any small injuries that could be injured by themselves. Only those who wouldn’t stop bleeding would come.

Xie Xi wasn’t secretive. He had studied many prescriptions and handed all of them over to the villages. It was also convenient since they could go collect the medicine.

Meanwhile, Jiang Xie was having a bad day.

He followed Xie Xi as usual but his heart was like a nest of ants, biting at him constantly.

Whenever Xie Xi ate, Jiang Xie envied the clear water on his lips.

Whenever Xie Xi sat down, Jiang Xie envied the herbs that were touched by the long fingers.

Whenever Xie Xi spoke to people, Jiang Xie envied the tiger Xie Xi was looking at tenderly…

The more Jiang Xie didn’t dare to look, the more he wanted to see. The more he wanted to see, the more he thought Xie Xi would be aware of it, turning him from cold to roasting hot in an instant. He felt like he was going crazy.

On this day, Xie Xi felt somewhat strange. Why did he feel that the little lion wasn’t looking at him?

Had the estrus period already arrived? Or… did this bastard lion really want to find someone else?

Xie Xi felt that was impossible but he couldn’t help his heart feeling sour.

In the evening, the two men rested after dinner.

Xie Xi asked him, “Aren’t you reading to me?”

Previously before bed, Jiang Xie would sit by Xie Xi’s bed and read to him. This was something that Xie Xi requested in order to teach him more things.

Jiang Xie’s heart was tight. “I’m a bit tired today.”

He couldn’t control his mind but he could control his body.

He had been thinking about Xie Xi all day and couldn’t go to him at night.

Xie Xi frowned, “Then, look after yourself and do it tomorrow.”

Jiang Xie nodded. “Yes.”

Xie Xi went back to the house and Jiang Xie’s heart slightly relaxed after a day of being tense. He was probably thinking too much. Xie Xi shouldn’t be aware or else he would invite Jiang Xie into his room.

This made him relax a bit. As long as Xie Xi didn’t know, Jiang Xie could control himself.

The desires he shouldn’t have would disappear with time.

Jiang Xie ran a few laps. He was sweating profusely when he came back and he went to bed after taking a bath.

He was so tired then he wouldn’t dream again when falling into bed.

Then he remembered the entire day and how could he not dream again?

Jiang Xie opened his eyes and found himself in the rose garden again.

This time, he was in the pavilion. This place was very wonderful and it was probably because of the dream that there was a feeling of distortion. It seemed that the sky wasn’t a sky and the flowers weren’t flowers. Everything seemed very big and only the pavilion was small.

It was strange that he knew he was dreaming again.

Then Xie Xi came over. He was frowning and seemed a bit annoyed.

Jiang Xie pulled him over. “What’s the matter?”

Xie Xi stared at him.

Jiang Xie couldn’t wait for this person to speak. He didn’t dare do things during the day but he had no scruples in his dream.

He kissed Xie Xi and acted recklessly.

Sure enough, this was a dream. Xie Xi wasn’t angry and actually catered to him.

Jiang Xie forgot the words that he told himself before sleeping. Not only did he forget, the feelings also intensified.

He was probably suppressed so the feelings went out of control once an opportunity was discovered.

Jiang Xie wiped Xie Xi’s tears and whispered, “I’m sorry…”

While apologizing, he was still bullying Xie Xi.

Xie Xi was dying but his voice changed as soon as it came out of his mouth.

This dream was even more absurd then the last dream and Jiang Xie actually slept until the sky was bright.

He woke up to feel the coolness on his clothes and his scalp was numb.

It was crazy… really crazy…

Jiang Xie changed clothes and headed like an arrow to the kitchen, hurriedly making breakfast.

He had never woken up so late and had no time to make porridge for Xie Xi!

Xie Xi had also just woken up.

The dream had happened once and it was over. How come he was dreaming again?

This asshole Jiang Xie, Xie Xi wanted to kill him!

Wait…

Xie Xi was paralyzed in bed when he realized it was his own dream.

He was speechless as he stared at the bed. Was he dissatisfied? Did he actually want to do it at night with Jiang Xie?

Abstinence caused him to doubt life.

Jiang Xie was very fortunate. He hurried to make breakfast and Xie Xi showed up slowly.

Jiang Xie pretended he had woken up early and asked Xie Xi, “Did you sleep well last night?”

Xie Xi, “…” He had that dream but he did sleep well.

“It was fine.” Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie. “What about you?”

Jiang Xie’s heart was stabbed as he replied, “It was also very good.”

Xie Xi stirred the porridge in the bowl and casually asked, “Did you have a dream?”

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi felt some regret after asking. He was silly…

There was a sound as Jiang Xie’s spoon fell on the ground.

Xie Xi glanced at him. ‘What is it?’

Jiang Xie leaned down and picked up the spoon. “I was careless.” He didn’t dare look at the other person.

Xie Xi blinked and couldn’t tell what was wrong with this boy.

Fortunately, Jiang Xie still had the furry lion’s ears. If it was a human ear then the red tip would definitely betray him.

The two men miraculously fit. Neither of them found that they had the same dream.

The day passed the same. As the sky darkened, Jiang Xie’s palms started sweating.

The absurdity of two consecutive nights made him both worried and expectant.

He couldn’t continue having these dreams, he really couldn’t continue.

The more immersed he became in the vain dreams, the more he would be unable to escape.

However, when he thought of the happiness in the dream, he felt an uncontrollable expectation.

Yesterday, he agreed to read a book tonight. Jiang Xie’s back was straight as he read it smoothly.

Xie Xi didn’t keep him and only said, “Goodnight.”

Jiang Xie’s voice was a bit low. “Goodnight.”

After leaving Xie Xi’s room, Jiang Xie’s back was covered in sweat. He gently breathed as he ran around the village longer than yesterday. It wasn’t until nearly early morning that he took a bath and went to bed.

Jiang Xie still told himself, ‘Don’t have that dream again. You can no longer think about it.’

Once again, he opened his eyes in the garden.

His throat moved as he hugged the man near him and pressed the man into the roses.

Xie Xi’s eyes were wide. “H-How…”

Jiang Xie kissed this person’s lips eagerly until he was dizzy. This was a dream, a dream. It was all his delusions. Jiang Xie went in without finishing the foreplay.

The third day that he woke up, Jiang Xie sat on the bed and held his chest. He was finished… He was pretty sure that he was done…

He wanted Xie Xi, he wanted the man who saved his life, gave him a new home and raised him. He was too despicable, too shameful, too full of a desperate want.

At noon on this time, Huer’s mother invited them to dinner. At the dinner table, she asked Xie Xi, “Haven’t you decided a wife yet? Xiao Xie’s estrus period will be here at any moment.”

Xie Xi’s mouth twitched as he thought, ‘I don’t know about the little lion but I’ve been very troubled by the dreams for three night.’

Jiang Xie was on the side. He saw that Xie Xi seemed to be thinking and couldn’t help his heart sinking. “I haven’t met the right person.” He had a person he wanted but this person was obviously the most unsuitable one.

Xie Xi sighed. “He might want a lion beastman…”

Jiang Xie’s lips thinned but he couldn’t interrupt this person.

Huer’s mother asked, “Do you want to go back to Lion Country.”

Xie Xi shook his head. “We can’t go back yet.”

“Then what will you do?” Huer’s mother didn’t ask them about their private affairs and changed her words. “You can’t drag it out anymore. Why don’t you go to White Tiger City to look? It is the capital of the Tiger Country and there are many lion beastmen. Xiao Xie can’t wait for this matter.”

White Tiger City? Xie Xi’s heart thumped. He couldn’t cure this body but perhaps someone in this world could cure it?

He couldn’t always stay in this small village. It was better to go out and see. If this body could be cured then all his problems would be solved.

Xie Xi clapped. “Okay, we’ll leave tomorrow.”

Jiang Xie was tense but said nothing.

On the way to the cave, Jiang Xie said, “Going to White Tiger City will take a day by vehicle. Can your body withstand it?”

“Yes!” He couldn’t stand the current situation!

Jiang Xie frowned. “I don’t want to go.”

Xie Xi was calculating what to draw to make himself comfortable on the road. He casually stated, “Don’t make trouble. What will you do when the estrus period arrives?”

Jiang Xie thought about the sweetness of the dream and then the untouchable person in reality and his heart was stirred up.

“This is my business. You don’t need to care about it…” He was forced to grit his teeth and continue. “You aren’t my real father!”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...