Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 9 Boundaries 13

Last time, Jiang Xie was seriously injured because of the white space. At that time, a large part of the garden was ruined. Yan Zhe rushed to treat him and it took a long time.

In the white space, Jiang Xie said that he had recovered many souls and could withstand it, but surely he wouldn’t be unscathed?

There were no injuries on the Jiang Xie in front of him.

Xie Xi faintly understood…

There were footsteps in the garden and it was Yan Zhe who came.

He was dressed in a black uniform, the silver hair that fell to his ankles swept over the white roses, as smooth as running water.

His appearance was cold and the colour of his eyes was very light, like frost.

This was Yan Zhe, the Yan Zhe of Cancer.

Xie Xi decided the moment he saw Yan Zhe. He was still in the black fog and the so-called Central was just his illusion.

The thought rose from the bottom of his heart and everything in front of him fell apart.

The beautiful and familiar garden disappeared and Jiang Xie and Yan Zhe slowly faded away.

Xie Xi was a bit panicked.

This was like the Dream Come True game. It showed what Xie Xi wanted to see at the bottom of his heart.

He missed Jiang Xie and he missed their garden. Thus, the garden and Jiang Xie appeared…

He felt that things were not quite right and there were many strange things. However, the illusion came from his heart and could be adjusted to his needs.

In addition, the real Jiang Xie was present inside it.

Most of Jiang Xie’s words might be true, making it more difficult for Xie Xi to distinguish between true and false.

If all of the black fog was like this then it would be really impossible to go out.

This was even more frightening than Dream Come True. It was continuous, allowing him to preserve the memories from outside the black fog. It was like entering a new world.

How to distinguish between true and false?

How to tell that this wasn’t a real world?

Human beings were sensory creatures. It was impossible to determine if the real world was true or not. How could they distinguish this true falsehood?

Not to mention, the outside was the end while this place was a new life. Why go out?

Xie Xi couldn’t help thinking, what if he didn’t wake up?

The Jiang Xie just now was really Jiang Xie. There was nothing else he lacked from Central. If he didn’t wake up, would he keep accepting new repair tasks and continue to collect the souls, continue to… continue to go on in his own imagination…

A chill covered Xie Xi’s entire body.

True or false, how to distinguish them?

It’s a dream, but it’s the truth of the two of us.

The previous sentence from Jiang Xie echoed in his heart, giving a powerful pillar to the chaotic Xie Xi.

He calmed down and his mood returned to normal.

Xie Xi told himself not to think too much. No matter what, Jiang Xie was real.

As long as there was him and Jiang Xie, everything was real.

At this moment, Xie Xi understood the outline of the world. He didn’t believe in things because they were real. It was because he believed in them that they became real.

Belief was the only coordinates of truth.

Xie Xi sighed and broke free from the enchantment.

“Little Chirp?” Xie Xi heard Jiang Xie’s words.

The only one who would call him this way was Cancer.

Sure enough, he was still in the quasi-world. Xie Xi blinked and found that his location was bright.

Yan Zhe’s voice was also heard. “Wake up, it’s fine.”

Xie Xi turned and looked at Yan Zhe.

What happened? Why was Yan Zhe here as well? Was it still an illusion?

Jiang Xie hugged him and quickly kissed him on his furry heard. “You slept for more than half a month and scared me.”

Xie Xi was even more surprised. “More than half a month?”

He found that he was in his small form and couldn’t speak.

Yan Zhe told him, “Two months ago, Jiang Xie came out of the black fog but you were unconscious.”

Xie Xi was even more shocked. They came out of the black fog? How?

Jiang Xie asked Xie Xi, “Do you think you can become bigger?” He was afraid that Xie Xi’s body wouldn’t be able to withstand it after just waking up.

Xie Xi didn’t have any problems. He was just full of doubts and wanted to talk, so he nodded.

Jiang Xie held the small head and said, “I understand.” He was afraid the little guy would stun himself from too much shaking.

Xie Xi was still confused but he was much better than before. At the very least, he could be sure this was Cancer and he was still in the quasi-world.

Jiang Xie told him, “Big.”

Xie Xi felt his body swell up like a balloon. The moment he became bigger, he wondered, “How did we come out of the black fog?”

However, no one answered his question. The two people in front of him became like stone statues.

Xie Xi hadn’t reacted yet. “What’s wrong?”

He glanced at Jiang Xie and saw his reflection in the other person’s eyes.

Xie Xi, “!”

He had become a human?

He was a human but he was still a little beauty in a pure white feather coat.

Xie Xi’s original facial features were very good-looking. Unlike Yan Zhe, he was more refined and tender.

His ink-black hair had white feathers, the longest parts hung over his shoulders while the short places were slightly angled. It lined the white face, making it seem cuter.

His dark eyes widened with surprise and it was like the morning stars flashed in them.

The soft white feathers had become a cloak that covered his white body, exposing slender arms and waist.

Jiang Xie hit his head sharply. “L-Little… Chirp.”

Bang. The white beauty was gone and the little bird fell on Jiang Xie’s palm.

Xie Xi finally reacted and squirmed.

Jiang Xie’s heart thumped and his hand shook as he held the bird.

Yan Zhe’s senses returned. “Just now…”

Jiang Xie muttered, “I… will take him into the house.”

Yan Zhe nodded. Little Chirp’s previous appearance was really unsuitable for outsiders to see.

Jiang Xie was like a little Buddha as he brought Xie Xi back into the house.

After entering the house, Xie Xi looked around and wondered. Where was this place? Had he really been sleeping for half a month? What happened in the last half a month?

He entered the house and Xie Xi clamoured to become bigger.

Jiang Xie was chaotic and confused. He thought about the appearance of the white feather boy and his heart felt like it was going to jump out of his chest.

What happened… Little Chirp…

Xie Xi was unable to speak in this form. Jiang Xie could only tremble and pat the small head. “Big…”

Xie Xi grew big again and it was still the human form.

The white feather cloak covered only some of the white body but it was better than not wearing it…. also…

Jiang Xie wrapped the feathered cloak tightly and wanted to find something to sew together.

Xie Xi questioned, “What is going on?”

He had become human but his voice was still clear and pleasing, mixed with a few chirps. This caused Jiang Xie to tremble.

Jiang Xie replied, “I don’t know why you became like this.”

Xie Xi wanted to glare at this person. Who asked him that?

He added, “I mean, how did you get out of the black fog?”

Jiang Xie’s ears were itchy because of the voice.

Xie Xi asked, “Brother?” He originally wanted to directly call this person’s name but he remembered that someone asked him to call them Brother.

Jiang Xie, “…”

“Hey…” Why was this person running away?

Jiang Xie went out and washed his face before he calmed down.

Don’t blame him. It used to be a chirp and now it Brother.

It was okay to be called brother by a bird but the young man in front of him…

Forgive Jiang Xie, he was a man younger than 20 years old!

Xie Xi was also stunned. There was a big beauty like God Yan in front of Jiang Xie every day and he wasn’t red at all. Now that Xie Xi transformed…

Well, it was likely that the main body affected the soul.

Cancer had become like this because a certain someone must’ve been thinking for a long time.

It was just like the black and white cat maintaining the cat ears and tail when becoming a human… would there be a bird costume back at Central?

Xie Xi felt he might’ve encountered the truth.

After a while, Jiang Xie returned and the two people could talk.

Jiang Xie stared firmly at the white feathered cloak. “Once I came out of the black fog, it slowly receded.”

Xie Xi listened carefully.

Jiang Xie continued, “I don’t know what happened but you kept sleeping. I asked many people to see you and Yan Zhe fed you his blood but you fell asleep and wouldn’t wake up.”

Xie Xi was surprised while listening.

The black fog was gone? This world was saved?

Jiang Xie continued, “The Zone opened and the survivors came out to rebuild their homes. We came back and the house was built not long ago.”

Without the black fog engulfing everything, the people gathered together like ants and were extremely efficient in rebuilding their homes. In just half a month, a prototype had already begun to take shape.

Xie Xi understood this but there was one thing he couldn’t understand. “What did you experience in the black fog?”

How did Jiang Xie come out of the black fog and how did it retreat?

Jiang Xie answered, “I saw myself in a rose garden and you were also present. I mean, the human you. We exchanged a lot of words but I can’t remember it clearly.”

His vague words were about the illusion that Xie Xi also experienced.

He might’ve guessed that the illusory Jiang Xie was Cancer but he still felt wonderful hearing Jiang Xie say this.

Was it because Xie Xi woke up from the illusion that he indirectly brought Jiang Xie out?

As long as the illusion was broken, the black fog would be scattered?

The black fog that was going to swallow up the world was so vulnerable?

Xie Xi seriously considered it.

Jiang Xie slightly looked at him. “Little Chirp.”

Xie Xi wondered, “Hrmm?”

“What do you remember?”

Xie Xi naturally remembered more than Cancer but he wasn’t sure if he should say it.

“It is similar to what you said,” Xie Xi responded to Jiang Xie.

Maybe the existence of the black fog is to devour people’s hearts. Once you go in, you see a desired illusion and don’t want to wake up.”

Xie Xi nodded.

Jiang Xie finally got the courage to glance at this person. He looked at the beautiful feathers, the long black hair, the delicate face and delicate skin…

Jiang Xie’s voice was slightly hoarse, “I didn’t expect you to become a person.”

Xie Xi was originally a person and teased him, “You don’t like it?”

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi deliberately cocked his head. “Is my appearance bad?”

Jiang Xie felt a burst of all and all the blood was pouring to his head!

“Okay…” He spoke dryly. “You are so good.”

Xie Xi felt amused but he had to hold it in.

Jiang Xie couldn’t easily suppress his heartbeat as he asked, “Can you adapt to this body?”

What was the problem? Xie Xi stood up and took two steps.

His feet moved softly and straight forward. Jiang Xie leaned over and hugged him, supporting him.

The white feathered cloak rose and fell again, covering the two overlapping people.

Xie Xi’s thin body was pressed against Jiang Xie.

The door wasn’t closed and Yan Zhe who was curious about Xie Xi saw this scene…

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...