Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 35

Xie Xi said he didn’t want to act together but most people followed him when they walked into the maze.

The labyrinth route was very complicated. After more than 10 hours of exploration from previous groups, some roads were found and they cleared to at least the third corner.

Xie Xi didn’t care about anybody else and walked forward with Zhu Li’s group.

The roads had been explored but the hardships could be seen.

The roads in the labyrinth weren’t narrow. It could accommodate four or five people walking next to each other. It was just that the walls were high, as if connected to the sky. It gave a huge sense of oppression and compressed the world.

Many of the people who entered for the first time looked around with vigilance and surprise.

Xie Xi was also seriously scrutinizing the walls. There were clear traces of fighting and zombie corpses everywhere. It was probably Zhuang Yi’s credit that these zombie corpses weren’t complete and now only had a head and body.

Jiang Xie could turn them all into roses but this would affect Xie Xi’s judgment.

He might not be able to bear it but he couldn’t block the child’s sunny growth.

Xie Xi told him softly, “The first corner seems to be a zombie blockade.” Based on the number of bodies, it could be seen that they were basically concentrated in this place.

Jiang Xie nodded.

Xie Xi and Jiang Xie had slept together, cultivating a high level of understanding. For example, as a student, Xie Xi liked to discuss his thoughts with Teacher Jiang.

“After the first corner, Zhang Ruizhen suffered a chase from behind only to touch the wall at the second corner.

This wasn’t the real wall. The second corner had a trap which was a moving iron thorns wall. In this enclosed space, the rapidly advancing wall made people hide.

Cao Yan interjected, “That trash Zhang Ruizhen, he unexpectedly used his group members to block the wall!”

The second corner was very disgusting. As long as they made it through the first corner, there would be a large number of zombies attacking from behind while in front was a wall with iron thorns. This made it very hard to understand the situation.

Zhang Ruizhen probably accidentally found that manpower could slow down the speed of the iron thorns wall. Thus, he deliberately placed people in front to slow it down and used this opportunity to handle the zombies behind. After cleaning up the zombies, he used the flesh and blood on the wall to find the mechanism to turn it off.

Xie Xi’s brow furrowed. “Why didn’t he used the zombies to slow down the advancement of the iron wall?”

This is the real way to break the game, seemingly back and forth, in fact, as long as they fought and retreated, they could use the zombies to block the wall. This was killing two birds with one stone. They could clean up both the zombies and slow down the wall, thus finding the mechanism and opening the exit.

Jiang Xie’s lips curved. “You are really clever.”

Xie Xi refused to fall for this and asked, “Does Teacher have other methods?”

“Well…” Jiang Xie pondered for a moment before sighing. “There is.”

Xie Xi was quite curious. “Please tell me.”

Jiang Xie spoke seriously but he couldn’t help thinking in his heart, ‘You are still flirty!’

“You can pass as long as you break the iron wall.” Xie Xi couldn’t help muttering. “Brute.”

Jiang Xie’s face showed no shame. “I have strength while you have the brains. This is called a perfect pair.”

Xie Xi, “……”

He was speechless since Jiang Xie was saying that he had no brains! Although he really didn’t have brains this time…

Jiang Xie continued, “In fact, I always used this method to make it through labyrinths.”

The four half zombies looked at the wall beside them with frightened faces and wondered, “This can be punched through?”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Shall I show you?”

The quartet immediately made adoring faces. “Bigshot, please!”

Jiang Xie rolled up his sleeves…

Xie Xi stared at the five people silently. One loved demonstrating and four loved watching.

Jiang Xie rolled down his sleeves. “Your boss won’t let me.”

The stupidest Zhu Li spoke excitedly, “Boss, please approve it. We want to see it.”

Xie Xi, “……….” What did it have to do with him?

Jiang Xie spoke helpless, “I am a henpecked man. He is frowning and I don’t dare move.”

Xie Xi was startled and blushed. That… Jiang Xie often said this in bed in the dream. Say yes and he would do it… H-He dared to stop moving!

Xie Xi’s voice was angry, “You aren’t going?”

Jiang Xie gave a salute. “Go!”

He turned towards the group of four and indicated, ‘There is no way, I am like this. My wife is the sky.’

The group of four, “…….”

Apart from the incomprehensible Old Zhu, the other three empathized with each other.

The wall didn’t break but their stomachs were almost broken by the dog food. They reached the third corner and encountered a multiple choice question.

This corner looked safe with only two towering doors. One door looked cold and had a curved moon on it while the other door looked like red-hot iron with a round sun on it.

Cao Yan wondered, “A moon door and sun door?”

He turned towards Xie Xi. “Boss, which door are you going through?”

Xie Xi stared at the two doors and his heart already had an idea. His main task was related to the sun and he would surely walk through the sun door. This didn’t mean that the sun door was the right path.

Xie Xi told them, “I’m going to the sun door…”

He hadn’t finished when Zhu Li said, “Okay, we’ll go to the sun door.”

Xie Xi finished his words. ‘It is because my task is related to the sun door. However, this door isn’t necessarily correct. You should think clearly.”

Most of their main tasks were to explore the labyrinth or to kill Xifu. None of them had a task to appreciate the newborn sun like Xie Xi.

“We will follow Boss,” Cao Yan replied as the representative of the group of four.

Xie Xi told them, “It could be a waste of effort.”

“We would already be dead if it wasn’t for Boss.”

Xie Xi was startled.

Zhuang Yi said, “If it is dangerous, we can find a way to help.”

The words made Xie Xi’s heart feel warm.

The four of them weren’t weak. With their zombie arms and legs, they weren’t much worse than Jiang Xie when combined together.

Xie Xi might be able to casually change limbs but the prerequisite was that there were limbs to change with. This sun door gave off the feeling of fire. Would there really be zombie limbs?

It was hard to say. Nevertheless, they didn’t hesitate to follow Xie Xi because they wanted to help with Xie Xi’s task.

Jiang Xie spoke up. “Going together isn’t wrong.” In this multiple choice question, it wasn’t wrong to follow the emperor of luck.

For example, if Yan Zhe encountered this situation, he would always ask for Old Jiang’s opinion.

If Old Jiang picked the sun door, they would go straight to the moon door!

Jiang Xie recognized Xie Xi’s good luck but the quartet didn’t know about it.

Xie Xi looked at him. ‘Such luck…’

Jiang Xie’s lips curved. ‘You are a person with God’s favour.’

Xie Xi blinked.

Jiang Xie leaned close to him and whispered, “My luck is probably that of a man abandoned by God. We are really the perfect…”

He was mentioning the same thing again! He could never be serious!

Xie Xi glared at him. “Wait for this world to be over…”

Jiang Xie stared at the blood red -365 and calmed down, but he still stubbornly said, “Once we leave the world, we will naturally…”

Xie Xi raised his eyebrows.

Jiang Xie guiltily changed his words, “It might not be a natural pair but we are still a pair!”

If they weren’t a pair, he was going to pull Xie Xi to be a pair!

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...