Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 9 Boundaries 12

The 12 Boundaries garden was created by Xie Xi as an imitation of Jiang Xie’s garden, so it was exactly the same. Even the sky was no different.

The only difference between the two was that there were no sleeping souls and light groups in Jiang Xie’s garden.

There was no one here.

Then… he entered the black fog and returned back to Central?

How was that possible? Was his repair task completed? The task of finding the true spirit was inexplicably over?

What exactly was the spirit of the world? If it was Jiang Xie’s soul then there were still eight that hadn’t been repaired.

Even Cancer Jiang…

Was the key point that Cancer bravely faced the collapsing world and resisted it.

Did this make sense? After all, from the point of view of intentions, the black fog meant collapse. Jiang Xie wanting to enter meant leaving the feeling of being abandoned and wanting to save the world.

However, this still wasn’t quite right. He shouldn’t return to Central all of a sudden.

Xie Xi glanced at the system panel and found that it was restored to its original state. He could view various information and props.

Xie Xi realized that it had been a long time since he saw Roast Pork Bun.

After being a kitten, he was feeling quite kindly towards the kitten.

Roast Pork Bun pounced on Xie Xi the moment he was released. “Daddy!”

The furry white cat was much more beautiful than the black and white Cat Xie in Aries’ world.

After all, this variety was more expensive.

The uneasiness in Xie Xi’s heart was scattered because of Roast Pork Bun’s appearance. If he wasn’t back in Central then how could he see Roast Pork Bun?

Xie Xi rubbed the soft little head. “Did you sleep well?”

“It was good but I especially missed Daddy.”

The pet box and the outside world were relatively still. It wasn’t possible for the cat to miss Xie Xi even if he wanted to!

Xie Xi poked the small head. “Your tongue is slippery.”

Roast Pork Bun didn’t understand and rolled around in this person’s arms.

Xie Xi teased the cat while walking to the pavilion. As he approached, he saw Jiang Xie in a black uniform.

In Central, the uniform of a beginner player was white, the intermediate was blue, advanced was purple and the god players were black.

This colour not only represented their identity because also distinguished the ability of the uniform.

Xie Xi had been in the collapsed world for so long that he was in a bit of a trance when he saw Jiang Xie in a uniform.

Jiang Xie poured the hot tea and greeted him. “My repairer worked hard. Come and rest.”

This tone that wasn’t serious…

Xie Xi quickly walked forward, ignored the tea and kissed this person.

Xie Xi only now discovered how much he had been thinking of this person.

In fact, they had never been separated. They were together in each world but Xie Xi still wanted the complete Jiang Xie.

After seeing that someone’s hands were becoming messier, Xie Xi pushed the squished Roast Pork Bun at the other person. “Don’t make trouble.”

Roast Pork Bun was very skilled and treated Jiang Xie as a father.

Jiang Xie stated, “If we want to have a child then perhaps it will really be a kitten.”

Xie Xi had actually been a cat.

Xie Xi glared at him.

Jiang Xie told Roast Pork Bun seriously, “Your father is a black and white cat, bigger than you… but still beautiful.”

Roast Pork Bun’s exotic eyes widened. “Daddy is really my father!”

Jiang Xie replied, “No.”

Roast Pork Bun immediately looked disappointed.

Jiang Xie spoke again, “If you are his child, he must be your mother.”

Xie Xi, “……………………”

He grabbed Roast Pork Bun and told him, “Don’t listen to his nonsense!”

In order to prevent the kitten from being taught bad things, Xie Xi returned Roast Pork Bun to the pet bar.

The little light bulb was gone and Jiang Xie was even more unscrupulous.

Xie Xi had many things in his heart and didn’t give Jiang Xie a chance to act in a messy manner. He asked, “How come I suddenly came out?”

“The mission was completed.”

“There were still eight more light groups.”

Jiang Xie stated, “You can’t eat a fat person in one breath. Take your time.”

Xie Xi still didn’t understand. “Then what the hell is the world? It is called the 12 Boundaries but it is over with only four souls?”

He wasn’t sure if he had even brought Cancer back.

Jiang Xie wondered, “Other people are very pleased to return to Central. Are you still not happy?”

Indeed, being able to return to Central was a big hurdle for players and they wouldn’t question it.

Xie Xi stared at this person. “However, there are still eight souls.”

“Do you want to capture them all in one go?”

This deficient person was aware of it!

Xie Xi muttered, “I always feel it isn’t quite right. The end is too sudden and what is the true spirit of the world?”

Jiang Xie explained to him, “12 Boundaries is my quasi-world and the spirit is naturally me.”

Xie Xi answered, “It shouldn’t be over. I haven’t recovered all 12 of your souls yet.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes narrowed. “Read the task carefully. It didn’t write that you had to find all the souls of the world.”

Xie Xi carefully recalled it.

General Task: Find the true spirit and repair him.

It really wasn’t about getting back all the souls…

Xie Xi was still unsure. “Then why did it end with Cancer?”

If there was no stipulation to find all the souls, why didn’t he return to Central when Aries, Taurus or Gemini were over?

Jiang Xie answered, “Maybe you prefer Cancer?”

Xie Xi yelled at him. “Talk seriously!”

Jiang Xie became serious. “Maybe you missed me too much?”

Xie Xi, “………………” His itchy hands wanted domestic violence!

Jiang Xie hugged him. “Once you experience more worlds, you will understand that anything can happen but no matter what happens in the quasi-worlds, it is a good thing to return to the Central Government.”

Was that so? Xie Xi still felt strange but it was hard to pinpoint where it was strange.

He suddenly said, “There are eight souls that haven’t been recovered.”

This was what he couldn’t rest assured about. His heart always felt disturbed if Jiang Xie’s souls weren’t fully recovered.

Jiang Xie told him, “Don’t worry, they will come back.”

Xie Xi still felt strange in his heart but he had to admit that he had indeed returned to Central.

Since he was back then he shouldn’t think too much. Just as Jiang Xie mentioned, there were thousands of quasi-worlds and who knew what type of situation would happen. He might just have too little experience.

Xie Xi opened his mouth. “I’ll see what the next quasi-world is.”

There were still eight souls, leading to many long nights and reams. He wanted to repair them as soon as possible.

Jiang Xie interrupted him. “It isn’t easy for you to come back. Why so urgent?”

“What if someone gets the task of erasing them?”

“No, as long as there is a soul, the world is easy to repair. The Central Government won’t release an erasing task.”

Was it like this?

Xie Xi also felt that he was making a fuss. Jiang Xie knew much more than he did. Jiang Xie might have a poor mouth but he was reliable and definitely wouldn’t joke about this type of thing.

Xie Xi leaned into Jiang Xie’s arms and couldn’t help saying, “I always feel a bit uneasy.”

Jiang Xie leaned down to kiss his forehead. “What is wrong when you’re in my arms?”

Xie Xi hit this person’s dishonest hand. “You are the most uncomfortable thing!”

“If you feel too much pressure then I will help you release it.”

He held Xie Xi down as he spoke.

The usual Xie Xi pushed this person away with words but his body was cooperative.

However, today he wasn’t in the mood. He lay in the flowers and told Jiang Xie, “Was the Yan Zhe in Cancer’s world really the God Yan?”

Jiang Xie kissed him on the collarbone and looked up at him. “Don’t mention other men at this time.”

Xie Xi stared at him.

Jiang Xie could only stop, sitting up and telling him, “Okay my curious kitten, ask me whatever you want to ask.”

His ‘kitten’ bit him.

Xie Xi sorted his clothes and seriously asked, “The world of Cancer, is that what God Yan really encountered?”

Jiang Xie replied, “Almost.”

Xie Xi was surprised, “That world is your past?”

“It isn’t the complete past, but it is basically the same thing, apart from the fact that you weren’t present.”

This was similar to Xie Xi’s guess and he asked, “Is that God Yan’s original world?”

It shouldn’t be, right? Central players could only enter quasi-worlds and players were selected from independent worlds that had already been cleared. Thus, Jiang Xie couldn’t enter God Yan’s original world as a player.

Jiang Xie explained, “I met Yan Zhe in an assembly task. The quasi-world was similar to Cancer’s world but it was more ferocious…”

He spoke slowly, helped Xie Xi sketch out the real past.

Jiang Xie wasn’t sure about Yan Zhe’s original world. This involved the privacy of each player and was the last thing to be touched.

In addition, Jiang Xie and Yan Zhe met each other after they reached Central.

Yan Zhe got such a physique after entering a quasi-world similar to Cancer. He was just a new person and didn’t have the ability to protect himself.

In fact, his experience was worse than it was in Cancer’s world.

His physique was targeted by the residents of the world and he also had to beware of players from Central.

Combined with the immunity to fatal injuries, he died and revived several times, causing his spirit to collapse.

By the time Jiang Xie saved him, he was a frightened bird and it took him half a month to speak.

Hearing this, Xie Xi couldn’t help saying, “God Yan really didn’t have it easy…”

Jiang Xie said, “It’s fine. Thanks to this experience, he returned to the Central Government and triggered the occupation change task of the healer. It took him a long time to qualify for the promotion but it was a blessing in disguise.”

It was a bit like the process of Xie Xi getting the Repairer class. He got Beginner Repair in the open world, upgraded it and slowly triggered the Repairer’s occupation mission.

However, compared to Yan Zhe, he was really lucky to get the special class.

Xie Xi sighed and asked Jiang Xie, “What about you? You were a newcomer as well.”

It wasn’t possible to get the same assembly task if he wasn’t a beginner player.

“I wasn’t really new…” Jiang Xie continued with a wry smile. “I should’ve been through nearly 100 quasi-worlds, despite being a beginner player.

Xie Xi’s eyes widened. “How is that possible?”

“My luck was too bad and I lost experience several times.”

Xie Xi, “………..” He knew this person was unlucky but he didn’t expect it to be this bad!

“It isn’t a bad thing. It was common and I could deal with everything.”

Then Cancer’s rich combat experience was gained from the real Jiang Xie going through nearly 100 worlds!

For a time, Xie Xi didn’t know if he should feel distress or admiration.

He asked again, “How did you clear it at the beginning?”

Jiang Xie told him, “I’m glad that you value me so much but I can’t remember the things that happened a long time ago.”

Also…

Jiang Xie walked through so many worlds as a beginner player. After that… Xie Xi couldn’t imagine.

Xie Xi couldn’t bear to ask again and changed the topic. “Are God Yan and the others back?”

Before they went to Collapsing 12 Boundaries, Yan Zhe and the others had gone to the quasi-world Xie Xi designed with Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie replied, “Of course, they are back.”

Time in Central was relative. There was no need to care about how long a player spent in the quasi-worlds. Once they came out of the quasi-world, they would see other players.

Something flashed in Xie Xi’s head and he felt it wasn’t quite right…

Jiang Xie suggested, “Do you want to see their recording?”

Xie Xi suddenly remembered. He looked at Jiang Xie and his blood was cold.

Jiang Xie was aware of his anomaly. “What’s the matter?”

Xie Xi’s lips trembled and he said, “The recording is too long…”

“We can quickly go in and see.”

Xie Xi shook his head. “It is very troublesome. It is better to let God Yan come over and ask him directly.”

Jiang Xie replied, “Okay.”

He seemed to send a message to Yan Zhe.

Xie Xi stared at him without blinking.

He remembered…

In the 12 Boundaries, Jiang Xie opened the white space. Then why wasn’t the current Jiang Xie injured?

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...