Extra 5

Hearing Jiang Xie’s words, Xie Xi raised his spirit and didn’t dare be careless.

Jiang Xie told him, “I’ll test it.”

Xie Xi nodded.

The girl was very pitiful. She looked 15 or 16 and should be in the most beautiful flower season yet at this moment, she was skinny and worn clothes hung on her body, making her look skinnier.

She held a huge broom as if she was cleaning the yard.

Jiang Xie approached and the knuckles of the hands holding the broom protruded. She was terrified. “Please go quickly, you will die. She will…”

Jiang Xie smiled, his handsome face giving off a calming strength. “Don’t be afraid, we won’t hurt you.”

The girl stared, cheeks red and voice still scare.d “No, she will hurt you. She… my…”

She cried while she spoke, her sad expression really pitiful. Xie Xi looked on from the side and didn’t feel much. This girl was miserable but there was a sense of violation.

The girl told them to leave but if she really wanted them to go, why not say it clearly?

Such vague words combined with the miserable appearance would make people feel pity and curiosity and they wouldn’t want to leave.

Of course, maybe Xie Xi was thinking too much. After all, this was a girl who was scared and timid. It was normal for her words to be a mess.

Xie Xi didn’t act rashly and just quietly watched.

Jiang Xie reached out to the girl. “Get up first. Kneeling on the ground is very painful.”

His words caused the girl’s eyes to flash.

Xie Xi looked down and found that below the girl’s short skirt, her knees that had been placed against stone were smooth and delicate with no wounds.

It seemed that Xie Xi’s gaze was noticed as blood slowly oozed from the knees.

Xie Xi raised his eyebrows. This wasn’t simple.

The girl suddenly shouted, “Go! You go! Grandmother has woken up!”

The moment she finished speaking, the door suddenly opened and a black figure pounced along with a cool wind.

It was an old woman with an unkempt face.

She wore black clothes covered with blood, the smell making people sick.

The old woman was very fast as she rushed to Jiang Xie.

She stretched out her claws, the slender nails on her fingers like dead wood that were about to pierce Jiang Xie’s heart.

Jiang Xie gently held her hand.

Xie Xi was startled by the scene.

The image was quite strange, the elderly hand and Jiang Xie’s hand forming a sharp contrast.

There was one terrible hand that didn’t look human and a perfect hand like white jade.

Jiang Xie held the old woman’s hand like snow being covered with mud.

The old woman didn’t move. The girl squinted and her eyes swiftly turned to her grandmother.

At her gaze, the old woman moved again. She made a squeaky noise like a monster and her face was fierce and terrible as she opened her mouth.

Her body writhed madly like she was going to tear the main in front of her to pieces.

However, Jiang Xie just held her with one hand like it was a cage, not letting her break free.

Xie Xi paid attention to the girl who displayed a deeper fear on her face.

According to reason, the mad grandmother was subdued and the girl should be relieved. Instead, she was even more afraid.

What did this mean?

Jiang Xie spoke softly, “It’s been hard on you.”

He was talking to the old woman. The old woman groaned and her muddy eyes suddenly overflowed with clear tears.

The girl’s pupils shrank and she stared at Jiang Xie with horror. “You…”

Jiang Xie removed his hand and the old woman lost all her strength, falling softly to the ground.

Jiang Xie questioned the girl. “What have you done to her?”

The girl held the broom and gazed hesitantly at Jiang Xie and Xie Xi. “Who are you?”

Jiang Xie’s gentleness disappeared. He moved a finger with an expressionless face and a red cage fell on the girl.

The girl was shocked. “You… you aren’t human!”

Xie Xi, “…”

What a mess.

He looked at the old woman. Jiang Xie had used a heart-clearing pill on this woman and the vicious demeanour had changed.

The still yellow face was soaked with tears and looked every uglier.

Xie Xi approached her and asked, “Are you okay?”

The old woman stared at Xie Xi and couldn’t say a word. She could only cry silently.

Jiang Xie stared at the girl and declared, “You are the real witch.”

The young girl was frightened by the cage that appeared out of thin air and stuttered, “W-What are you talking about?”

Jiang Xie said, “If you don’t admit it then I’ll kill you. Then this village will be safe.”

The moment he finished, a few long swords hovered in the air above the cage. As long as they fell, they would pierce the girl in the cage.

In such a narrow cage, the girl had nowhere to escape.

Xie Xi couldn’t help giving a reminder in the team channel: We are here to fix the world, not erase it.”

Jiang Xie: Baby, rest assured. If I was erasing it then she would already be dead.” There wouldn’t be so much nonsense.

Xie Xi, “…” He always felt that this repair task wasn’t a cure at all. It was full of violence!

This might be hard to ignore but it was really easy.

It wasn’t the girl who asked for mercy but the old woman. “Don’t… don’t hurt Mother…”

The old voice was as rough as sandpaper but they could be spoken with such strong love.

Xie Xi stared blankly.

The ‘girl’ in the cage revealed her true face. “Shut up!”

The old woman huddled up, looking pitiful. Her muddy eyes seemed to be washed clean by the tears, revealing purity and cleanliness.

Jiang Xie asked the old woman, “You are Nalene?”

The old woman didn’t dare say yes. She only carefully stared at the young girl in the cage.

The girl removed her disguise, her pitiful appearance becoming vicious and cruel. “Who the hell are you?”

Jiang Xie glanced at the girl and then the old woman.

Xie Xi asked in the team channel, “They swapped their bodies?”

Jiang Xie: It is unlikely. The fit between the soul and the body is very high.” If it was an exchange then he would see it instantly.

Xie Xi didn’t have this eyesight and asked: Go to the rest of the house to see?

Jiang Xie: Don’t go in. It must be disgusting inside.

Xie Xi: What should we do?

Jiang Xie: Look directly at her memory.

Xie Xi: ………………

Was this okay?

Facts proved it was fine. Jiang Xie who could use skills was like a giant chat affecting the existence of the game balance.

Thus, they saw the ins and outs of the story.

It was reasonable to say that if this wasn’t Jiang Xie and other people were doing the task, there would still be grinding to find the answers.

The girl and the old woman didn’t exchange their bodies but the old woman was indeed Nalene and the girl was Nalene’s mother.

Putting aside all the fog, the truth was upsetting.

Nalene’s mother, Lina was a very beautiful woman who wanted to leave the village and marry someone in the city.

However, Nalene’s father forced her to marry him.

Soon, Lina became pregnant and the nightmare started from this time.

After the pregnancy, Lina started to become ugly. She didn’t love her husband or the poor village life. She yearned for the city, yearned for prosperity and longed for the life of the rich.

She was forced to stay in the village and became uglier because of her pregnancy, causing her to feel resentful.

She hated Nalene’s father and more so, the unborn Nalene.

Nalene was born and Lina soon discovered the beauty of her daughter.

She didn’t love the child and even felt that the child had stolen her beauty.

Nalene’s father was also a jerk. After seizing Lina and taking advantage of his power in the village, he spent all day drinking and acting willfully.

Lina hated him more and more.

After another act of violence against her by Nalene’s father, Lina fled.

However, she was caught before she left the village and this was followed by more brutal abuse.

Lina was locked up in the dungeon and in the midst of her endless resentment, she discovered a secret passage hidden deep in the dungeon.

There was a black book with some writing in it.

As long as she followed the instructions, she could make her dreams come true.

Lina tried to collect the materials and cast the spell.

The spell was successful and Nalene’s father was jailed for a murderous crime in the city. Her lost beauty came back but her daughter Nalene became a sacrifice, suffering by aging.

The 40 year old Lina became a young girl of 15 or 16.

The young girl of 15 or 16 became an 80 year old woman because of her mother’s curse.

Did Lina’s dream come true? No…

She soon discovered a new tip in the black book. She had to eat a fresh heart every day to maintain her youthful beauty or she would grow old overnight. She saw the ugly look of the 80 year old Nalene and didn’t want to be like that.

Thus, disaster struck.

Xie Xi frowned after seeing these memories.

Jiang Xie told him, “The task is completed as long as the book is destroyed.”

The crux of everything was the book and it would be over once it was destroyed.

Xie Xi looked at the old Nalene with a strange feeling in his heart.

Jiang Xie took his hand.

Xie Xi glanced at him. “I don’t care.”

It was a collapsed quasi-world. Many bad things happened and there was a lot of despair.

Jiang Xie quickly found the black book.

Xie Xi went to Nalene, crouching in front of her and gently wiping the tears from her cheeks. “It’s okay, it’s fine.”

From start to finish, Nalene was the most innocent one.

She had no choice to be born in such a family with such parents.

She grew up with her father’s violence and her mother’s resentment, still clinging to the warmth of a family.

In the face of her mother who gave her countless pains and disasters, she finally spoke in her old voice, ‘Don’t… don’t hurt Mother.’

The girl was broken and she long had blood-covered hands under the control of Lina.

Her mind wasn’t sound because no one had ever given her a healthy environment for growth.

Yet she still knew how to love.

Her loving nature made her sadly attached to such a cruel and selfish mother.

After destroying the black book, the spell was lifted and Lina grew old and died.

Nalene was restored to the appearance of a young girl and fell asleep.

Xie Xi asked Jiang Xie, “Can you erase her memories?”

“Yes.”

They erased Nalene’s memories and sent her to a seaside village thousands of miles away, giving her a new beginning.

The mission was over.

Jiang Xie and Xie Xi returned to the garden.

Seeing that Xie Xi was still slightly frowning, Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “Now time, I won’t pick up Old N’s quasi-worlds. What broken tasks are there?” It made his family unhappy.

Xie Xi wondered, “Are your tasks good?”

In addition to imagining many things, their brains liked to make him a slag!

Jiang Xie replied, “How is it bad? My words are all about you.”

Xie Xi’s heart sweetened and the shadows in his chest were scattered.

He opened his system panel and clicked on the data column.

“In fact, I’ve always wanted to know.” He pointed to his father’s column and asked Jiang Xie, “Who is my father?””

His mother was Xie Su but his father was a fog that couldn’t be shown.

Jiang Xie had never seen his data and at this moment, he made a strange expression.

Xie Xi was aware of it and glanced at this person.

Jiang Xie stared at the fog. “It’s… a player’s ability to hide his or her own information.”

Xie Xi was stunned. “A player?”

Jiang Xie nodded. “Yes, advanced players can purchase an item. Once used, Central will hide their information.”

Xie Xi jerked. “You mean…”

“Your father is probably a player of Central.”

Xie Xi’s back was tense as he asked, “Then he… he…”

Jiang Xie kissed him on the forehead. “I’m sorry, he might’ve passed away.”

Xie Xi froze.

In fact, he had thought about it. Once he knew the rules of entry to Central, he knew he had no parents.

Only those who were abandoned could come to Central. Xie Su gave up on him and his biological father gave up on him, causing him to come to Central.

His father’s life and death had become meaningless from the moment he entered Central.

Jiang Xie saying he was dead was probably to comfort Xie Xi.

Xie Xi leaned against Jiang Xie. “It’s fine, I’ve very good now.”

It was because he was abandoned and lost everything that he met Jiang Xie. Losing didn’t mean an ending. This was a new beginning.

-【 The End 】-

Author’s Note: Every time I finish a story, I feel very sad. The story of Old Jiang and Little Rose might be over but their lives are still going on. We can’t see it but they are still repairing the collapsed worlds, bringing warmth to misery, bringing light to the darkness and bringing hope to despair!

It’s finally over! I will miss Jiang Xie’s dog blood plots and seeing what else he will come up with for the long-suffering Xie Xi. However, like the author said, I will just imagine them still out there, designing and repairing worlds.

For my next projects, I will finally be truly starting on Shh, There’s a Beast in the Imperial Palace that I started a while ago over on Chrysanthemum Garden.

Shh Link

I will also be starting two new stories that will be released tomorrow, check out the details then.

As for DSA, once again, sorry but I love reading it more than translating it. The long amount of time it takes me to do one DSA chapter is especially emphasized once I started doing these new novels. Thus, DSA can probably be considered dropped for now.

Previous Chapter
ToC

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...