Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 8 Boundaries 22

After understanding Houqing’s mental state and recalling what he had done recently, Xie Xi’s back felt really cold.

During the estrus period, he and Leo were sticky to each other. The national teacher was present most of the time and didn’t say anything. He acted like he was an insignificant guard who had no right to get involved in the beast king’s matters.

Xie Xi had known that the national teacher felt uncomfortable but the matter was urgent and he could only go with Leo. Now… the national teacher was uncomfortable? He was sick in the heart!

Xie Xi didn’t think that digging out his heart could cure the national teacher.

This type of excessive behaviour would only make the collapse worse!

Xie Xi became more afraid. Then he recalled the words he exchanged with Leo yesterday and couldn’t sit still.

He had to hurry to find Leo. He was afraid that sooner or later, the little lion would become a dead lion!

Houqing had been living in a muddle.

From the day that Xie Xi left the palace, he became an empty shell. His body was in the palace but his heart had long followed Xie Xi.

He knew where Xie Xi was but didn’t dare go and see him.

Initially, he arranged for someone to secretly protect Xie Xi. Xie Xi saw through it instantly and sent a message asking if Houqing intended to force him to death.

Houqing didn’t dare do anything else and after withdrawing all his people, he disintegrated the short but brilliant Rose Empire.

This was very selfish. He gave up countless people for one person.

Houqing couldn’t help it. He could only see that one person. This was Xie XI’s empire. If he was gone, what was the Rose Empire?

The reason he did this was also to protect Xie Xi. The moment the empire disintegrated, the rebels would disappear like scattered ants. Then no one would hurt Xie Xi.

Houqing had woken up. He knew what he had done and knew the person who hurt Xie Xi most was actually himself.

Thus, he no longer went to see Xie Xi. Like self-punishment, he let the longing and remorse bite at his heart.

He once thought it would be like this for the rest of his life. He would see that terrible scarlet and fragile heart beating in the nightmare of pain and despair.

Then Xie Xi returned. Without warning, he came back to the capital. Houqing felt like he was struck by lightning. He didn’t even think before going to the small inn and kneeling in front of Xie Xi.

He begged Xie Xi to go back to the palace and asked for forgiveness. As long as Xie Xi came back, he wouldn’t do anything wrong again. Houqing promised countless times in his heart, like a sinner who was sent to hell and tortured, asking God for the last forgiveness.

Xie Xi agreed. He followed Houqing back to the palace. Houqing’s head and feet felt heavy and he bit his tongue and dug his nails into his palms to calm himself down.

He hid under the white cloak out of fear that his eyes would scare Xie Xi. He was even more afraid of Xie Xi looking at him carefully and finding one of his countless dreams.

After a whole day and night, Houqing was finally convinced that Xie Xi was back.

He seemed to have forgotten the disaster, forgotten the terrible scene and returned to the previous time.

His body might be bad and it was difficult to cover up his tired spirit but as long as he saw the other person’s bright eyes, Houqing had the sense of being fortunate enough to wake up from the nightmare.

This person came back… he came back…

Houqing was cautious and always paid attention to his heart, not letting Xie Xi feel the slightest anger and irritability.

In such a scene, Houqing started to see again.

He slowly saw the young lion beastman. Houqing came down from his surprise and saw Xie Xi’s care and love for the lion.

This scene was familiar and dazzling. This was how Xie Xi used to treat him. It was so good that it made Houqing think it was love. The present Houqing completely understood that it truly wasn’t love.

For Xie Xi, it wasn’t love. Xie Xi was good to people, good enough to make people happy but also make them misunderstand.

Therefore, Houqing’s mood was still calm.

It happened like this and the lion beastman was no different from Houqing’s previous self. The lion regarded caring as love and after blindly confessing, he only got disappointment.

Houqing felt that Xie Xi wouldn’t fall in love with such a little lion. Xie XI habitually took care of the weak and once they were under his wings, he was a deadly guardian.

Houqing thought this way but the lion beastman confessed. He frankly expressed his thoughts to Xie Xi and declared that he only wanted Xie Xi.

At the time, Houqing had been very nervous. He knew the result but his heart was still wary. As he expected, Xie Xi didn’t accept.

The lion beastman was urgent and threatened Xie Xi with estrus. Houqing let go of all his worries. He felt that the lion beastman was finished. Xie Xi most hated being controlled.

From this point on, everything was different.

Xie Xi didn’t become angry and helplessly agreed. He agreed to the lion’s impolite request.

For a moment, Houqing even thought that the reason why Xie Xi returned to the capital was to cure his body and help the lion through the estrus period.

It was because he already knew that the lion didn’t want anyone except him. H-How could that be?

Houqing’s palms were sweating at the idea. How could Xie Xi fall in love with such a little boy? It was impossible. Absolutely impossible.

Then there was the estrus period…

These seven days were tantamount to cutting the meat of Houqing’s heart with a knife.

He knew that Xie Xi used Dreaming to help the lion and knew that Xie Xi didn’t do it with the lion.

Still, what was the difference? The estrus period was resolved by Xie Xi. In a dream, a person could be more unbridled than reality. Houqing even wanted to sleep forever.

The thought of this precious experience being with another person caused Houqing’s breathing to become difficult.

He told himself that he couldn’t think too much. He couldn’t make a mistake anymore or do anything to make Xie Xi angry.

However, everything moved in a direction he couldn’t imagine.

Xie Xi was as good to the lion as he had been to Houqing. The praise and affection in the black eyes were sincere and unmissable.

Once, Houqing could see himself in those eyes but now it was someone else.

The thing that made Houqing panic was that the lion was different from him…

It was true that the lion didn’t go through life and death with Xie Xi. He didn’t walk through the bumps and thorns that Houqing and Xie Xi had gone through. At the same time, he didn’t have those knots and concerns, no nervousness and fear.

The lion was very different from Houqing. The lion could be straightforward and unconstrained. His love was fierce and frank and he dared to express it to Xie Xi. He wasn’t afraid of losing or rejection. He was like a moth. Even if it killed him, he was willing to become fuel for the flames.

Xie Xi obviously preferred this…

Houqing realized this and panicked.

Maybe Xie Xi really returned to help the lion through the estrus period. He only wanted to be healthy for the lion. He was able to emerge from the terrible past because he met the lion. Xie Xi really fell in love with the lion.

A huge panic grabbed at Houqing’s heart. He kept telling himself that he couldn’t make another mistake. He had destroyed everything and was no longer qualified to have Xie Xi…

Still, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t alleviate the fear that originated in his soul

There was a desire for life and a strong survival instinct that drove him. He couldn’t afford to lose Xie Xi. He couldn’t lose him anymore.

Houqing didn’t doubt that if Xie Xi followed the lion, he would become a beast with no humanity. This was more terrible for Houqing than death.

However, what could he do? What else could he do? He had no way…

At least, until he found out the lion’s past.

Houqing spent an entire night in the study, not blinking as he stared at the information in his hands.

If he told this to the lion, the lion was bound to leave Xie Xi. But what about Xie Xi? Would Xie Xi hate him?

The sky became bright and Houqing got up and stood by the window.

The Rose Palace was designed by him. From here, he could see the beautiful Rose Garden and Xie Xi’s section of the palace.

Houqing liked this beautiful garden. It was the embodiment of Xie Xi, representing his beauty and strength. So gorgeous, so beautiful yet so powerful. It was dazzling.

Once the first rays of sunlight penetrated through the clouds and shone on the petals kissed by dewdrops, Houqing gripped the information in his hands.

He hated it, hated it. If the lion really loved Xie Xi, they… would be together. Then Houqing would die without any regrets.

Houqing no longer hesitated and strode out of his palace.

The reason why Xie Xi was so flustered was because he was worried about his words yesterday.

At the time, Leo had asked him, “Will you still be with me once the estrus period is over?”

Xie Xi whispered back to him, “Nonsense.”

The lion hugged him and kissed him. “You don’t hate me?”

“If I hate you, I would’ve already driven you away.”

The lion asked him, “Do you like me?”

Xie Xi had only spoken one word when Houqing came in.

Xie Xi shut up in time and Leo didn’t ask again. He just smiled handsomely. “If you didn’t like me, wouldn’t you have already driven me away?”

Xie Xi didn’t answer and changed the topic.

Houqing was surprised at the time but didn’t say a word.

Xie Xi felt awkward but Houqing was too calm. Xie Xi didn’t realize because he missed an important section of the previous summary.

Now it was like the last straw that crushed the camel.

Too dangerous!

It wasn’t early and it was reasonable to say that this was the time to soak in the medicinal bath.

Houqing didn’t come to serve him and instead, a servant was waiting outside the door.

Xie Xi’s heart was tense and his instincts told him that things weren’t good. He didn’t care about the medicinal bath and directly stunned the servant with the drug in his sleeve.

This was prepared by Xie Xi a long time ago in case the two men fought. The drug was from Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas. The world was very high in level and should be able to deal with most of the beastmen here.

Xie Xi didn’t dare to delay. He brought out the mini detector and searched the palace for Houqing.

He headed towards Leo’s section of the palace and one of the detectors gave feedback.

Houqing and Leo were in the rose garden!

Xie Xi was anxious and drank a bottle of physical medicine before running towards the garden.

At the same time, he heard the conversation between the two people from the detector.

He heard Houqing say, “Your father used to be a rebel and tried to assassinate His Majesty many times.”

Xie Xi heard this and his heart said, ‘Sure enough!’

Houqing added, “His Majesty was committed to the peace of the world and the war faction abhorred it. Your Jiang family was defeated.”

Leo was shocked by the sudden news. “You’re talking nonsense!”

“Why do you think Your Majesty values you so much? He trained you to make you an obedient lion king.”

Leo exclaimed, “You are jealous of my relationship with him. You are slandering him!”

Houqing laughed lightly. “Why did you fall in love with him?”

This question was so sudden that Leo wasn’t able to answer it at first.

Houqing spoke slowly, “Do you often dream of this garden? Before my estrus period, I dreamt of His Majesty here…”

Leo’s pupils shrank. He said nothing but his expression exposed everything.

Houqing spoke cynically, “I didn’t want to tell you but he was born with the ability to manipulate dreams.”

Leo’s response came. “What do you mean?”

Houqing wondered, “Do you really love him? Or are you just seduced by the dreams he gave you?”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...