Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Bonus ko-fi chapter.

Collapsed God 17

Jiang Xie’s eyes obviously brightened and he moved closer to Xie Xi.

By all accounts, it was difficult for a rational to pretend to be emotional. A little look would tear apart this lie. Not to mention, this was an alumni party and there were many acquaintances who could ruin Xie Xi’s lie.

Strangely enough, none of the students came near Xie Xi and they didn’t hear what he said.

There was a clear line between Xie Xi and his classmates, as if he was invisible to them.

Fortunately, the alumni gathering was across generations and classmates didn’t stay together.

For example, Jiang Xie had already graduated when Xie Xi entered school and was Xie Xi’s senior.

Xie Xi knew Jiang Xie’s name because he was often compared to Jiang Xie in school.

Compared to the taciturn Xie Xi, Jiang Xie was humorous and good at talking. It was difficult for people to refuse his closeness.

Jiang Xie was surprised after hearing that Xie Xi majored in law. “How can an emotional person like you learn such a rational occupation?”

Xie Xi didn’t know what to say.

Jiang Xie smiled at him. “No wonder why you are estranged from your classmates.” An emotional person studying an occupation that was all rational, there was bound to be some distance.

Xie Xi heard this and his mouth tightened even further.

Jiang Xie told him, “They are also protecting you. After all, rational people are dangerous for an emotional person.”

Xie Xi was startled and glanced up at Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie smiled at him.

Xie Xi became warmer. He wasn’t isolated because of his gender but Jiang Xie found his sense of loss and thought of such a warm reason to comfort him. If Xie Xi was really emotional, he would be really happy at this moment. But he wasn’t.

Xie Xi was somewhat lost. He didn’t know why his mood had improved.

Jiang Xie liked wine and asked Xie Xi, “Can you drink?”

Xie Xi had never drunk alcohol before. “I can try it.” A rational person rejected alcohol. Something that confused the brain had no value in existence.

Jiang Xie smiled at him. “How can we be emotional if we don’t drink?” Then he took Xie Xi’s hand and went for a wine tasting.

The alumni meeting had ordinary food that was more good-looking than delicious but the wind was good. It didn’t have a bad style and the taste wasn’t the same.

Jiang Xie drank seven or eight different types with Xie Xi and Xie Xi became drunk.

As a rational, he still sat up straight and looked serious. It was only his big eyes that showed people he was drunk.

Jiang Xie was only slightly drunk and waved a hand in front of the other person’s eyes. “Are you drunk?”

Xie Xi spoke seriously, “Article 221, serious casualties caused by accidents in production and business units…”

Jiang Xie laughed. “There are thousands of reactions to being drunk but this is the first time I’ve seen someone recite laws and regulations.”

Xie Xi was still earnestly going through them and reached Article 222. This number 222 was cute enough.

Jiang Xie raised him up. “I’ll send you home.”

Xie Xi was still seriously reciting…

Jiang Xie suppressed a smile. “Where is your home?”

Xie Xi had started to recite Article 224.

Jiang Xie couldn’t ask him and went to find Xie Xi’s classmate. The rational classmate was very cold. “I don’t know.”

In this way, Xie Xi quickly placed himself on Jiang Xie’s back.

Jiang Xie’s eyes were full of laughter. “Let’s go back to my house first.” This person was accidentally drunk and couldn’t be left alone.

Xie Xi had reached over 300 when he fell asleep in the aircraft.

Jiang Xie sat beside him and couldn’t suppress the curve of his lips. This was a very interesting junior, serious and cute.

Jiang Xie’s residence wasn’t far away and they soon arrived. “Wake up.”

Xie Xi opened his eyes. They were black and shining but unfortunately, they weren’t focused.

Jiang Xie asked him, “Can you get off on your own?”

Xie Xi’s head fell and he continued to sleep. Jiang Xie chuckled and simply picked up this person sideways, bringing him inside.

He knew this was a bit overdone but there was no way. Jiang Xie couldn’t leave this person alone and didn’t want him sleeping in the aircraft. Even if his aircraft was spacious enough to be comfortable.

After going upstairs, Jiang Xie placed this person in his bedroom.

Don’t think crooked thoughts. Jiang Xie didn’t have a bad mind. It was just that his spare room hadn’t been used for a few years and wasn’t cleaned up. Nobody could sleep in there.

Xie Xi slept on the bed while Jiang Xie brought out a cleaning ball and placed it on Xie Xi’s clothes. This way, the person and clothes could be washed clean without water. Then Master Jiang Xie went to sleep on the sofa.

The next day, Xie Xi woke up to find himself sleeping in a strange bed and was completely shocked.

For a rational, a one-night stand was a common thing and there was nothing to worry about.

However, Xie Xi never had one. He was a rational person but he was incompatible with rationals. He never succumbed to desire and placed strict demands on his body and mind. He hated the rational people’s so-called obedience to physical desires.

Now… He didn’t even know who he slept with.

Then Jiang Xie emerged, his hair still wet from the shower. Xie Xi’s head buzzed. He slept with an emotional person and actually ruined such a gentle, funny and excellent senior.

He didn’t like rational people and deliberately hid his gender, yet he ended up doing such a stupid thing.

Jiang Xie saw his expression and smiled. “Don’t think too much. You were drunk last night and kept reciting laws and regulations. I became impotent after hearing these things.”

Xie Xi looked up with dazed eyes.

Jiang Xie didn’t keep teasing this person and explained, “I slept on the sofa last night. You can connect to the indoor monitoring if you don’t believe me…”

Xie Xi finally let go of his worries and he was glad and afraid.

He could no longer be close to Jiang Xie or he would hurt this person.

Xie Xi got up. “I’m sorry.”

“I should be the one to apologize. I gave you too much wine last night.”

Xie Xi shook his head. “No, it was my fight. I can’t drink and also became drunk, troubling Senior…”

Jiang Xie didn’t wait for him to finish. “Then both of us are clear. Let’s eat.”

Eat? Xie Xi didn’t dare stay long and hurried out of bed, head hanging low. “No, I shave to leave first.”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi rushed out of the bedroom, entered the living room and went out the door without even changing shoes.

Then Jiang Xie’s senses returned. “Oh…”

It was a pity that the other person had already disappeared. He smiled for a long time. Had he scared this person? Well, it was normal to be afraid after getting drunk and waking up in a stranger’s bed.

Then Jiang Xie remembered something and hit his head with annoyance. “I forgot to get his contact details!”

If it wasn’t just this then Jiang Xie wouldn’t remember this person for nine rounds.

The second encounter was at the wedding of a common teacher.

The 70 year old emotional professor lived with his own style. At such an old age, he met his true love, a 60 year old emotional painter. The two quickly fell in love and insisted on holding a wedding so that their names would be engraved into the other person’s lives.

In this sacred church, Jiang Xie saw Xie Xi. Xie Xi stood in the crowd but it was like he was standing on an isolated island. He was so lonely that it made Jiang Xie distressed.

Jiang Xie couldn’t help walking through the crowd to this person’s side. “We meet again.”

Xie Xi was stunned for a moment to see Jiang Xie before his eyes obviously lowered. “Senior…”

Jiang Xie made an ‘shhh’ sound. “They are making their wedding vows. We have to be quiet.”

Xie Xi solemnly nodded and focused on the elderly couple in front of him.

“Are you willing to be a companion to him in this round, to love him and be loyal to him. whether he is poor, sick or disabled until he walks into reincarnation. Are you willing?”

The two elderly men replied in unison, “I do.”

They finished speaking and applause that represented heartfelt blessings rang out, infecting everyone present.

Jiang Xie whispered, “They are so good.”

In fact, Xie Xi didn’t understand it. This cycle was almost finished. Why did they get married? In a few short years, they would forget each other.

Jiang Xie suddenly asked him, “If  I meet a person I like, no matter how long it takes, I want to spend the rest of my time with him.”

Xie Xi expressed his doubts. “Is it good even if you don’t meet again in the next reincarnation?”

“This type of heart beat, I don’t want to miss it for even a minute or a second.”

Xie Xi frowned because he couldn’t understand. Jiang Xie smiled and leaned close to him. “You sometimes behave like a rational.”

Xie Xi straightened his back and thought he had been seen through. After all, a rational disguising as an emotional must be as funny as a clown to true emotional people.

Unexpectedly, Jiang Xie just sighed. “Don’t try to learn from rationals. They are boring and rigid. Don’t change yourself to cater to them.”

Xie Xi’s frown deepened. He knew Jiang Xie’s meaning. Jiang Xie thought that as an emotional studying law, Xie Xi was with rationals for a long time and became like a rational in order to socialize with them.

In fact, Xie Xi was a thorough rational. He wanted to tell the truth.

Then Jiang Xie said, “Don’t question your gender. An emotional is never worse than a rational.”

Xie Xi swallowed back his words. He couldn’t say it because he vaguely felt that Jiang Xie had an aversion to rational people. Thus, Xie Xi couldn’t mention his gender.

What was this? Xie Xi didn’t know why he wasn’t the same as others from birth. He wasn’t accepted by rational or liked by emotional. He studied hard and tried to get good grades, but this was in exchange for his classmates’ indifference and alienation.

Xie Xi felt more than once that it would be good if he was an emotional. An emotional like Jiang Xie.

This time, Jiang Xie got a contact method.

Xie Xi hesitated for a long time before becoming friends with this person.

Xie Xi didn’t want to have any more contact with Jiang Xie s that Jiang Xie would always think he was an emotional. If they got too close, he wouldn’t be able to pretend.

There were too many flaws and places that couldn’t be understood. Even if Xie Xi didn’t speak, his behavior was obvious enough for an emotional.

If Jiang Xie knew that he was pretending to be an emotional… He was bound to hate Xie Xi.

Xie Xi was very uneasy but he couldn’t find a suitable opportunity to confess to Jiang Xie.

How could Jiang Xie know any of this?

He had long been fascinated by this school junior. Whether it was a direct confession or slowly boiling a frog, he had to catch this person. Then he would hold a wedding that was more romantic than Old Liu (the 70 year old professor)!

Jiang Xie took the initiative and Xie Xi didn’t have an opportunity to refuse. He tried to figure out how an emotional would react. He remembered the ‘formula’ with his super memory and tried his best to act as an emotional.

In fact, this was really flawed. If it wasn’t for Jiang Xie’s filter, he would quickly see Xie Xi’s gender.

Unfortunately, the filter was too thick. Jiang Xie only thought that Xie Xi was a pitiful person who had been polluted by rationals. He tried to ‘purify’ this person and even found the super-rational remarks cute.

Then three months later, Jiang Xie couldn’t help himself. They sat in a romantic and beautiful wedding and he asked, “What do you think of me?”

Xie Xi looked down and asked, “Senior, do you want to fall in love with me?”

This stunned Jiang Xie and he smiled. “You are really a very rational emotional person.”

Xie Xi’s lips thinned and he looked at the food and drinks in front of him like he was seeing monsters.

Jiang Xie stared at him with gentle eyes and a soft smile. “I am thinking about it.”

He spoke bluntly and laid his heart out before the other person.

Xie Xi was stunned.

Jiang Xie was afraid to scare this person and reassured him, “Don’t worry, I thought hard about it. I want forever.”

Xie Xi opened his mouth. It was extremely difficult to speak and his heart was pulled, causing pain to surge through him. “I’m sorry.”

Jiang Xie’s heart cooled as he thought he had been rejected.

Xie Xi explained in a low voice, “I’m sorry, I have been lying to you… I’m actually a rational person.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...