Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 22

Xie Xi smiled, “The takoyaki isn’t expensive and it should be very close. I’ll go buy it for you.”

Jiang Xie followed his brain circuits and said, “The problem isn’t how expensive it is but that money shouldn’t be spent indiscriminately.”

This saying… it made sense but didn’t it seem like there was something wrong? Xie Xi didn’t respond.

Jiang Xie continued, “There is no need to spend unnecessary money. I’m not in a hurry and will wait for you to make it for me.”

Xie Xi was in a ditch again and nodded, “Yes, wait a few days and I’ll make it for you!”

Jiang Xie’s lips curved in complete satisfaction.

It wasn’t until later when Old Jiang bought the machine to make takoyaki that Xie Xi came to his senses.

What was money shouldn’t be spent indiscriminately, it shouldn’t be wasted?

What shouldn’t be spent was the money to buy a machine! Having this type of thing at home was the biggest waste!

Unfortunately, it was already too late. Now Xie Xi was shrouded in the dazzling aura of ‘Teacher Jiang is a good person’ and his filter was especially deep. It was easy to be fooled.

They bought the ingredients and Jiang Xie turned into the stationary area. Xie Xi didn’t suspect him and thought Teacher Jiang was buying a book to prepare for lessons.

Jiang Xie saw a white book instantly and picked it up. “Does this look good?”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie glanced at the notebook again. “It doesn’t look good?”

The milk-white book had a few… they were probably rose indentations? The shape wasn’t round and it was very childish. Jiang Xie opened the book and the colourful paper inside stung Xie Xi’s eyes.

Teacher Jiang, a bit man actually liked things like this. Sure enough… um… Really fancy!

Xie Xi smiled and told him, “It’s very good.”

Every person’s aesthetics were different. He didn’t agree but he shouldn’t discriminate. Who cared if it was a big man and big woman, they all had to be respected.

Jiang Xie wondered, “Is it appropriate to give to people?”

Xie Xi was relieved. It turned out to be a gift… that’s fine, young girls would like it a lot.

“It is appropriate!” Xie Xi encouraged him. “The other person will certainly like such a beautiful book.”

“I also think so.” Then Jiang Xie handed the book to Xie Xi.

Xie Xi looked up at him. “?”

Jiang Xie grinned, revealing his white teeth. “I’m giving it to you.”

Xie Xi accepted the girl’s book with a stunned face. “Why give it to me?”

Did he look like a person who would use this type of book? What type of misunderstanding did Teacher Jiang have about him?

Jiang Xie told him, “Didn’t you say that you wanted to do the bookkeeping?”

Xie Xi couldn’t help saying, “I already have a book. There is no need…”

“It’s fine.” Jiang Xie interrupted. “Hello, I want to check this out.”

Xie Xi, “………………”

The brain circuits were currently going through the following loop: Jiang Xie’s mind was full of the child and the white hands holding such a lovely book.

Xie Xi felt this book was picked according to Teacher Jiang’s taste and Teacher Jiang was a man with the heart of a girl. He wanted to see Xie Xi use such an embarrassing thing.

Xie Xi solemnly declared, “Teacher, rest assured. I will use it well.”

“I’m looking forward to it.”

Xie Xi’s guess was strengthened!

The two people bought a pile of things and went home. Then Xie Xi rolled up his sleeves. “Teacher, you must be busy. I will call you when it is time for dinner.”

Jiang Xie didn’t want to go do work, he wanted to see Xie Xi cook.

Xie Xi comforted him, “Don’t worry, I’m used to this. There will be no problems.”

Jiang Xie couldn’t continue staying here. “Okay.”

He went to the study but his heart was itchy as he thought about the kitchen. It was wonderful to have another person in the house.

Xie Xi made a meat and vegetable soup and when he placed it on the table, Jiang Xie couldn’t wait for Xie Xi to call for him and came out.

Xie Xi laughed. “Are you hungry?” He thought Jiang Xie was too hungry to wait.

Jiang Xie was a bit hungry but it was more because of inexplicable expectations.

“It smells good.” Jiang Xie stated.

“Try it. If there is anywhere that isn’t tasty, tell me and I’ll adjust it.”

Jiang Xie nodded and sat at the table. He couldn’t wait to move his chopsticks.

Xie Xi watched a bit nervously. He felt that he cooked well but he wasn’t sure if Jiang Xie would like it.

Jiang Xie was stunned for a while before smiling brightly. “Delicious.”

Xie Xi sighed with relief and also smiled. “I’m glad Teacher likes it.”

Jiang Xie saw his smile and thought in his heart, ‘I like it, I like it so much!’

“Come and eat together.” Jiang Xie called out to him.

Xie Xi shook his head. “No, I’ll eat in a while…”

“Don’t be so polite with me. It is boring to eat alone.”

His words poked at Xie Xi. He knew better than anyone how lonely it was to eat alone. Xie Xi originally thought it was very inappropriate but now he felt it didn’t matter. They were both alone and understood what it felt like.

“Then I’ll gladly eat.”

After eating, Xie Xi cleaned up the dishes while Jiang Xie used all his strength to control his hands and not help. After all, this was a person he barely convinced and he had to hold back.

He could control his hands but not his legs. Jiang Xie walked into the kitchen, saw Xie Xi washing the bowls by hand and immediately said, “You should use the dishwasher.”

“Hmm?”

“The dishwasher is very easy to use.”

Xie Xi replied, “I won’t use it.” He had never used this thing before. Jiang Xie also hadn’t used it but the modern electrical appliances were very easy to understand. As long as people didn’t fear it, the usage could be figured out.

Jiang Xie told him, “I’ll teach you.”

Xie Xi didn’t doubt him. “Okay.”

Jiang Xie quickly glanced at the operations panel and pretended to be proficient. Don’t worry about doing it properly, it just had to look like he did it.

Xie Xi didn’t understand but he was very supportive. “It was originally like this.”

This was probably it… Jiang Xie asked, “Isn’t it simple?”

Xie Xi continuously nodded, “Very convenient!”

“You should use the dishwasher because it has sterilization at high temperatures. It is better than washing by hand.”

This child’s hand was so tender. How could it always be soaked in water? Xie Xi sincerely thought, ‘It is good to have money. I want to be a teacher in the future!’

After finishing in the kitchen, Xie Xi picked up the vacuum cleaner and started cleaning.

Jiang Xie was rushed back to the study. He used the excuse of getting a glass of water to peek at the work. He saw the heavy vacuum cleaner and then returned to the study. The laptop web page became Taobao and the search content was: the best vacuum cleaner.

There was a sweeping robot? No, if he bought a sweeping robot then Xie Xi might feel there was no work to do. What if he quit?

Jiang Xie picked the most expensive and lightest cordless handheld vacuum cleaner.

Xie Xi used the washing machine to do the laundry and placed them to dry on the balcony. The clock pointed to 9 o’clock. Xie Xi moved in a circle to check and after confirming there were no problems, he knocked on the door of the study.

Teacher Jiang, who was picking a washing machine in the study, called out, “Come in.”

Xie Xi came in and stated, “Teacher, I’ll go back first.”

Jiang Xie looked up at the time and got up. “Yes, I’ll send you.”

Xie Xi hurriedly refused. “No, I can go back on my own.”

Jiang Xie’s house was a bit far but now he had money and could take the bus.

“How can that be?” Jiang Xie acted sorrowfully. “A teacher for a day is a father for life. This old father will naturally send his child home.”

Xie Xi didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. “There is really no need, I can take the bus.”

Jiang Xie told him, “You are working for me and it is the boss’ obligation to take care of the safety of the employees.”

Xie Xi wanted to say something but Jiang Xie had already put on his coat and grabbed the car keys.

Xie Xi told him, “It’s too much trouble…”

“Quickly get in the car with me. I’ll take you home.”

Xie Xi, “…” He could only trot to keep up with this person’s steps.

This week, Xie Xi was very happy. He lived well and never had such a long lasting good mood. The time he spent smiling in this one week might exceed the previous decades.

Xie Xi liked this job and he also liked the humorous Teacher Jiang. The most satisfying thing was that every meal was eaten clean.

This was undoubtedly the biggest encouragement for a cook!

Xie Xi also liked the new vacuum cleaner. A vacuum cleaner could actually be so light. Not only was it wireless, it was also extremely powerful and there were seven or eight different heads that could be changed.

There was a suction head that was specifically used to clean beds. Xie Xi used it for the first time and then told Jiang Xie, “You see, it is full of mites!”

Jiang Xie’s eyes curved. In fact, these were just cotton buds but he wasn’t willing to tear down this person’s thoughts and agreed. “It is really scary. Fortunately, you cleaned it.”

“I will also go clean the sofa.” The vacuum cleaner was used as a toy.

This week, Jiang Xie was also having a wonderful time. He had been lonely for 20 years. This type of happiness and satisfaction was unimaginable to people who had never experienced it before.

The two happy people had their own little troubles.

Xie Xi’s trouble was that Jiang Xie would send him home every night. This was too much trouble but no matter what he said, Jiang Xie still insisted.

The trouble with Jiang Xie was that he was too greedy. He wanted to see the child if he got up in the middle of the night.

On this day, Jiang Xie had a meeting and it wouldn’t finish until 9 o’clock. Xie Xi asked him, “Will you be coming home for dinner?”

Jiang Xie sent back a WeChat. “Yes.”

Xie Xi waited for him at home and waited until around 10 o’clock. Jiang Xie had spoken from 2 p.m. to 10 p.m. and his voice was hoarse. He was also a bit tired.

Xie Xi saw him come back and quickly reheated the meal while also making a light soup. Jiang Xie leaned against the kitchen door and said, “There is no need to bother. That’s fine.”

Xie Xi didn’t budge. “It’ll be done soon. Teacher, just wait.” Jiang Xie waited at the door, staring at the apron that was tied around Xie Xi’s waist.

Xie Xi turned around and was startled. “Teacher?”

Jiang Xie was surprised and his brow furrowed. “I’m tired. I must’ve fallen asleep standing here.”

Xie Xi smiled. “There is a meeting for eight hours, who would be able to stand it? Come, eat first and then you can rest early.”

The two of them had dinner before Xie Xi said, “Don’t send me back tonight. I’ll go by myself.”

The teacher was too tired today and couldn’t drive him back. Jiang Xie leaned down. “I have an idea…”

Xie Xi was putting the dishes in the dishwasher and only realized after a while. “Hrmm?”

“The idea… if you agree, it will be a lot easier.”

Xie Xi turned to look at him. “Teacher, say it. As long as it is within my power, I will certainly agree!”

Jiang Xie’s voice was slightly hoarse and continued a different taste. “Move in with me.”

Xie Xi, “!”

Jiang Xie already dug the pit. He squeezed his eyebrows together and made an exhausted expression. “This way, I don’t have to worry about your safety when you go home at night and you can also prepare breakfast for me in the morning.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...