Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsed God 5

Xie Xi deliberately pulled down his collar as he spoke. “You see, this is the evidence.”

This collar was loose and revealed a good-looking collarbone. The skin that was originally as flawless as jade had a red dot on it. Jiang Xie’s brain crashed.

Xie Xi couldn’t see it but he knew the situation. He smiled and said, “I was awakened by you early in the morning. Pushed you a few times before finally pushing you away and then I went to take a shower.”

Jiang Xie wasn’t alarmed on the surface but his heart was turbulent. Did he do this? He held and kissed Xie Xi?

However, he had no impression or memory of it at all. Then indescribable remorse welled up in his chest. He kissed such delicate skin and forgot all about it?

No… Jiang Xie quickly suppressed the regret that shouldn’t be there. Xie Xi paid attention to his demeanour and could basically guess what this person was thinking. It was so much fun. Old Jiang actually had such a childish time.

Xie Xi actually regretted it a bit. Why didn’t he meet this person at an earlier time so he could see the real young Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie finally recovered his voice and spoke hoarsely, “I…I don’t remember anything.”

Xie Xi was influenced by someone for so long and grabbed some of the words. “I haven’t told you to take responsibility. Why so nervous?”

This succeeded in making Jiang Xie’s ears turn red. Xie Xi felt itchy. He really wanted to kiss these rare red ears. Endure it! Don’t scare the snake!

Xie Xi cleared his throat. “Well, it’s nothing. It is normal to have a dream.”

Jiang Xie refuted it. “I didn’t dream.”

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Hmm? If you weren’t dreaming then you were deliberately awake…”

Jiang Xie cried out without waiting for him to finish, “No, I…” He himself didn’t know what was going on!

Xie Xi thought, ‘Of course, you don’t know. How else can I tease you?’

Xie Xi understood a bit about Old Jiang’s bad taste. It turned out that teasing kids was really interesting.

“Don’t be nervous.” The ‘proud of his age and experience’ Xie Xi spoke. “I don’t care and you don’t have to take it to heart.”

The sentence showed that as an adult, Xie Xi was still a bit young and was a lot worse than Old Jiang.

This sentence instantly cooled Jiang Xie’s hot heart and calm returned to the indigo eyes.

This person didn’t care. Yes, Jiang Xie laughed at himself. How could a rational care about such a thing?

Jiang Xie silently gave this person a ‘frivolous’ label in his heart. It was fortunate that Xie Xi couldn’t read this child’s mind or he would smash the small head!

After eliminating the misunderstanding, Jiang Xie’s mood was much better. He felt that Xie Xi might be a frivolous person but thought about everything Xie Xi praised for the United States and filtered out 99% of it.

Xie Xi also noticed this person was in a good mood. He was busy teasing Little Jiang and the whole day was comfortable.

The quasi-world had collapsed and he didn’t know the original situation. He only knew that this world was facing the collapse of the universe and all civilizations were facing disaster.

Xie Xi had seen many sci-fi themes on Earth. There were solar system explosions, humans constructed an ark to escape. However, the ecological system of the ship was unstable and dragged Earth to ruin. The solar system was gone and new homes were found in the vast galaxy.

This world was different. It wasn’t the sun but the entire universe. Where could they flee to when the whole world was collapsing?

This might be the despair and hopelessness of the collapsed world. Like a person infected with a zombie virus, its sense of reason was about to disappear but it was still unwilling to give up and wanted to live.

At this moment, Xie Xi really felt the difference between repairing and erasure. He was thankful to be a Repairer. Otherwise, it would be cruel to let a world of such desires be destroyed.

A long day of work passed. Xie Xi was tired but his spirit was very good.

On the aircraft, Xie Xi stated, “I’ll cook delicious food for you tonight.”

This was a clear sign of happiness on Earth. A person who wasn’t in a good mood definitely wouldn’t say such a thing.

However, it was an inexplicable sentence in the United States.

Jiang Xie was slightly stunned. “It’s delicious?”

What was delicious? Food was just to obtain energy and many rational people would directly inject nutrient solution in order to save time.

Some emotional people still adhered to the regular three meals a deal but this wasn’t about delicious food. It was a sense of respect for past rituals.

Xie Xi didn’t find it easy to explain and only said, “In short, you will know when you taste it!”

Jiang Xie nodded. “Okay.”

The citizens of the United States didn’t pursue food. Xie Xi might’ve entered Central but he didn’t spend the time taking physical potions. Food wasn’t just about hunger. It was also a spiritual enjoyment for people.

Xie Xi was excited to cook. The high-tech world was good and he could make things at will, even if there were no pots and pans in this world.

Jiang Xie leaned curiously against the door and asked, “Are you cooking?”

Xie Xi softly replied to him, “The president of the United States is cooking for you. Are you happy?”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi stared at him with curved eyes. Jiang Xie cocked his head and left with the word, “Boring.” Nevertheless, his heart was jumping and his eyes were full of smiles.

Xie Xi’s cooking was good. In the past, he spent more than 60 years with Professor Jiang and was naturally in charge of the three meals.

Professor Jiang would often say, “There is a snail boy at home and I can ask for anything.”

Xie Xi might’ve spent thousands of years as the flower god but the flower god was in a spiritual state and there was no concept of time. Thus, he didn’t cook.

Not long afterwards, he easily placed three dishes and one soup on the table.

Jiang Xie stared at it. “What is the difference?”

It didn’t seem as beautiful as the machine but… um… it was very cute.

Xie Xi told him, “Try it.”

Jiang Xie sat down after Xie Xi and learnt from Xie Xi how to set a napkin and pick up chopsticks. Xie Xi watched as Jiang Xie picked up a piece of white onion and laughed.

Jiang Xie glanced at him. “What is it?”

“The fried onion is mainly eaten with the lamb.”

Why eat a piece of onion alone? Jiang Xie told him, “They all aren’t tasty.” Despite his words, his chopsticks obediently picked up a piece of lamb.

Xie Xi asked him, “How is it?”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi’s eyes curved. “Is it delicious?”

Jiang Xie was probably having all the gourmet animations around him as fireworks burst from eating the most delicious food!

“It is good to eat.” He never thought food would be like this.

Xie Xi was slightly relieved. He knew that many rational people had degraded tastebuds and they couldn’t taste the food. It seemed that Jiang Xie still had his original body, despite it shrinking.

Xie Xi told him, “Try this and this.”

Jiang Xie wasn’t polite and one person ate all three dishes. Xie Xi only ate a few pieces but he was happy. “I didn’t lie to you.”

Jiang Xie sincerely declared, “You are very good.” He knew everything and did everything well.

Xie Xi once again wanted to record this. The sentence should be repeated 20 hours a day for 260 days. Cough, although he would be the one listening, not Jiang Xie.

Xiao Xie and Xi were very happy. The atmosphere of the two people became better and finally, Jiang Xie couldn’t help asking about the collapse of the universe.

Xie Xi had been waiting for this and explained, “I found this sign when I was 38 years old in my second round. At the time, it had started to decay. Explorers disappeared in the cloud galaxy. I sent a field probe and came to the conclusion that the galaxy clouds had disappeared.

Jiang Xie’s expression was serious. “Since then, the United States banned the exploration of alien domains?”

Xie Xi nodded. “The people would panic if they discovered it.”

The universe collapsing was terrible. It would be hard to calculate what would happen once revealed to the United States.

Xie Xi continued, “The speed of the collapse is faster than expected. By the time I was 98 in my second round, the Love Galaxy had fallen.”

Jiang Xie was shocked. “Almost one billion light years collapsed in just 60 years?”

Xie Xi nodded. “The speed isn’t constant. It is exponential growth.”

Jiang Xie understood and his thin lips were pale. “Thus, you estimate that the universe will completely collapse after 10 years.”

Xie Xi closed his eyes. “Yes.”

This was the typical lotus pond effect.

Suppose that a lotus leaf in a lotus pond grew exponentially. On the first day, two on the second day, four on the third day… perhaps in the first 40 days, the lotus leaves only covered a quarter of the pond. Then the next day, the lotus leaves suddenly covered half the pond. The day after that, the whole pond was full of lotus leaves.

The speed of the universe collapsing was like this. It was very slow and undetectable at first. If it was ignored, they might suddenly lose all the universe.

This was the scary thing about exponential growth.

Jiang Xie knew more. “10 years is just the most optimistic estimate?”

All the words that could be controlled could be broken. This was the truth that civilization realized so far.

“Yes.” Perhaps the universe would be gone in the next moment.

Jiang Xie was completely stunned. Xie Xi patted him on the shoulder. “Don’t think too much. Hold onto your time and do everything you can so you don’t regret it when the end comes.”

Jiang Xie’s shocked indigo eyes became calm again. “Yes.”

He had told Jiang Xie this but they were here to fix the world. He definitely wouldn’t let it collapse. It was best to coax Jiang Xie so he could help and not make trouble. After all, Jiang Xie was an important screw. It would be troublesome if he struck.

The same evening, Jiang Xie refused to go to sleep with him. “I won’t run away and will sleep in the guest room.”

Xie Xi didn’t hesitate. “No.”

Jiang Xie was hesitant.

“Why are you being overly sensitive? Sleeping with me is also for your safety.”

Jiang Xie’s eyebrows twisted. “No one can hurt me.”

“You are a newborn calf not afraid of tigers.”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi added, “You can go to the guest room but I will stay with you.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes widened. He was going to the guest room to sleep on his own. What was the point of this?

Xie Xi insisted, “In any case, you must eat and sleep with me.”

In the end, Little Jiang compromised and lay on the bed like a piece of wood. He drew a clear line between the two of them.

Xie Xi thought, ‘If you have the ability then don’t hesitate to come over!’

Just before dawn, Xie Xi was hot from being kissed. A rational gender referred to his mind but not his body.

Xie Xi opened his eyes and quickly said, “Don’t waste time. Tell me what’s going on.”

Jiang Xie acted as a hooligan. “Your Little Xie misses me.”

Xie Xi exclaimed angrily, “Don’t touch it!”

Jiang Xie didn’t have much time but he couldn’t help saying, “You took the initiative in the daytime. I would’ve long eaten you dry…”

Xie Xi glared at him. “Talk business!”

Jiang Xie felt a burst of dizziness and spoke quickly, “This world is a bit strange. Be careful.”

Xie Xi asked, “Do you know how many souls there are?”

“At least three.”

Xie Xi felt a bit relieved hearing this amount.

Jiang Xie told him, “My side task is to find the collapsed god. This should be an important clue and you should find a way to check.”

Xie Xi’s side task was also this. He wanted to ask again but this guy had already fallen asleep. So… why did he have to say something bad earlier? He made a fool of himself.

Xie Xi tried to push this heavy guy away. At this time, Jiang Xie opened his indigo eyes that were still a bit dazed.

Xie Xi, “……”

Little Jiang’s senses instantly returned as he saw Xie Xi pressed underneath him.

Jiang Xie, “!”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...