Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Lost Atlantis 6

Xie Xi was horrified by the possibility.

If what he was thinking was true… could he really finish the task?

Xie Xi sighed and calmed his emotions, deciding not to scare himself. What was the truth? He just had to test it.

He went to get another present and headed to the palace of the fifth prince.

Roast Pork Bun hung from his neck. “Your heart is beating fast.”

Xie Xi didn’t say anything. He was so frightened, how could he not be unhappy?

Roast Pork Bun asked again, “It is because you have seen your sweetheart?’

Xie Xi’s steps paused. “Who is my sweetheart?”

Roast Pork Bun replied, “The handsome man just now. His pair of eyes were really handsome.”

Xie Xi remembered how Roast Pork Bun said that Xie Xi was ugly when just hatched. Xie Xi didn’t feel it himself but other people said he wasn’t ugly… then what was Roast Pork Bun’s aesthetics?

Xie Xi was afraid of his fantasies and explained, “He isn’t my sweetheart.”

Roast Pork Bun asked again, “Is your heartbeat accelerating because you are about to meet your sweetheart?”

What was this mess?

Xie Xi’s chin struck the cat’s forehead. “Shut up!”

Roast Pork Bun was afraid he would be sold in this quasi-world and didn’t dare ask anything else.

The fifth prince lived far away and his palace was as big as a town. It was fortunate that he could swim as a mermaid. If he used two legs to walk then he would probably die.

To tell the truth, even swimming was exhausting. Xie Xi’s swaying tail quickly cramped up.

Finally, he arrived at the fifth prince’s palace. Xie Xi saw a luxury that was quite different from the sixth prince’s palace.

It was obviously the same architectural style but one was cold and depressing, while the other was magnificent with shining lights.

The two brothers had very different personalities.

One was lonely and the other was passionate. It was like the progress bar. One was deep blue and the other was a hot orange.

Xie Xi didn’t want to accept this conjecture. He refused to admit that the different colours on the progress bar represented different princes!

The fifth prince’s birth mother was the queen of the underwater kingdom. He was the only legitimate prince who by all accounts, should inherit the throne. There was no reason to hesitate.

Unfortunately, the fifth prince himself was extremely disgusted with the court and political affairs. He was accomplished in art and was a famous artist in the underwater kingdom.

Such a prince must inherit the throne if there were no other brothers. However, his four older brothers and even his younger brother were very good. Don’t look at the fourth prince’s illness and the sixth prince’s different coloured eyes. They had clear minds and were extremely adept at government affairs. One was a powerful person who tamed the Lord of the Abyss.

Not to mention that the first, second and third princes each had their own supporters and their voices were extremely high.

In contrast, the fifth and legitimate prince had the highest popularity and most noble bloodline. However, even his most enthusiastic fans felt he wasn’t suitable for the throne.

Of course, it didn’t matter if he could become king or not. His treatment was excellent, meaning the palace was gorgeous and extraordinary. Xie Xi arrived and was greeted by a beautiful female mermaid. “Royal Guard, thank you for the trouble of coming in person.”

It was a gift from His Majesty. According to etiquette, as long as the prince was in the palace, he must come forward and thank Xie Xi in person.

Xie Xi told the maid, “I will trouble you to inform him.”

The maid replied, “Please wait a moment.”

A while later, the maid came out and said to Xie Xi, “Please come in.”

Xie Xi gave the gift to the shrimp soldier beside him, followed the maid and walked into the well-deserved ‘Crystal Palace.’ Even if he had seen the sea floor, the sight in front of him was extremely beautiful.

The coral groves had beautiful colours that had never been seen on land and little fish swam freely, like beautiful butterflies among the flowers. Not to mention the pearl white luster of the porch, the fine carvings and the shiny jellyfish stretching out in the sea…

It was like Xie Xi was entering the Grand View Garden and he was dizzy from the sight.

Then once he got to the main hall and saw the scene inside, he felt that the luxuries outside were nothing but embellishments.

The man’s eyes were drooping as he fiddled with the harp and sound emerged. In an instant, there seemed to be countless flowers blooming. In the wide hall, there seemed to be beautiful dancing.

Xie Xi’s eyes widened with amazement.

The sound of the harp stopped and the illusion disappeared. The fifth prince got up and walked straight towards him. “Do you like it?”

Xie Xi bowed to him. “I have seen Your Highness.”

The fifth prince helped him up and asked, “You don’t like it?”

The tune was nice and there was an indescribable allure. Under normal circumstances, XIe Xi would find it hard to say he liked it but now…

He hung his head and whispered, “I like it.” He felt like his teeth were hurting when he heard this!

The fifth prince grabbed his hand. “There is another one that I have specifically written for you.”

Xie Xi, “…” They only met once. What damn song did he write?

He was in a complicated mood as he watched the orange progress bar rise again.

Did it still need an explanation? Was he going to keep deluding himself?

Xie Xi wasn’t willing and tested it a bit more. “Your subordinate still has more orders. I have to go to the other palaces…”

The fifth prince asked, “Isn’t there anyone else in the royal guards? Why do you have to go?”

“It is your subordinate…” Xie Xi gritted his teeth. “If it wasn’t for this errand, this subordinate wouldn’t be able to hear your heavenly voice.” The implication was that he took this job for the prince!

He had just finished speaking when the orange progress bar shot up!

Xie Xi, “…” The damn self-centred X!

The fifth prince’s eyebrows rose as he said, “I was thoughtless. I should’ve sent someone to pick you up.”

Xie Xi told him, “Your Highness is noble. Why should you remember these little things?”

The orange progress bar rose again at his words. To some extent, the prince was really simple!

The fifth prince said, “Don’t worry over it. I will immediately…”

“There is no need.” Xie Xi patiently explained, “This subordinate has just entered the palace. I have neither an identity or background. It will be hard to gain a foothold so I hope you will be considerate.”

The fifth prince frowned. “Come to me and I will take care of you.”

Xie Xi said, “If Your Highness really appreciates me, wait for my position to be higher. Once I can apply for deployment then serving you will be more logical.”

The fifth prince stared at him for a long time. “Then I will listen to you.”

Xie Xi’s heart beat like a drum. Why? Why was he doing this?

He was about to leave when the fifth prince asked again, “Have you been to see Sixth Brother?”

Xie Xi, “!”

Xie Xi didn’t understand before but he did now. Was the prince thinking about the meal they had together?

Xie Xi was a good youth yet he was experiencing a slag man’s dilemma.

He didn’t say anything and the fifth prince’s expression became more subtle.

XIe Xi’s brain turned quickly. He couldn’t hide this type of thing since the fifth prince might check.

Xie Xi told him, “I have seen him first.”

Sure enough, the orange bar dropped a bit.

Xie Xi swore at X in his heart!

The fifth prince wondered, “Why go to him first?”

The slag Xie Xi forced out, “In past years, people neglected their duty and didn’t go to the sixth prince. This year, they specifically told me to go to the sixth prince first…”

He had only spoken half his words when the orange progress bar rose again.

Xie Xi felt a bit guilty. ‘Don’t be so gullible!’

The very good fifth prince was distressed. “It has been hard for you.”

Xie Xi, “…” He wouldn’t be able to hold it in if he didn’t leave now!

He left the fifth prince’s palace and looked at the progress bar. His heart was like a mirror.

Xie Xi hadn’t gone to the other princes yet but the facts in front of him were quite illustrative.

If there was only the orange progress bar, he could suspect that the fifth prince and sixth prince were swapped.

However, the sixth prince also had the blue progress bar.

What did that mean?

It meant that the mission task of collecting the love of the sixth prince was collecting the love of all six princes, not just the sixth prince!

Six and sixth…

X, was your Chinese taught by your PE teacher!?

The Central Garden.

Jiang Xie’s garden was covered with snow.

He had been watching the live broadcast and naturally knew what Xie Xi had experienced.

If Yan Zhe was present, he would pat his thighs and laugh at him. “Old Jiang, you are green with jealousy of yourself. Are you kicking your own head with a donkey?”

He would also say, “Aren’t you going crazy because of love?”

Jiang Xie wasn’t like this. Before he met Xie Xi, he didn’t think about love. After meeting Xie Xi, he was really excited. He wanted to get along with this person.

However, he couldn’t be so stupid.

This wasn’t just a pit for Xie Xi but also a pit for himself!

There was no need to mention anything else. He just had to look at the goodwill falling like a waterfall to know how miserable he was.

Why did the two worlds turn out like this?

Things were a bit complicated.

Lost Atlantis was a complete quasi-world. Not only was the seabed designed in great detail but the shore was also a complete structure. Jiang Xie had only designed the planet but if cleared, the missing parts would be spontaneously filled it by the laws of causality.

Jiang Xie poured a lot of effort into such a complete world. It was obvious just by the number of souls.

Love to the Left or Right only had three souls while this world had six.

The quasi-world was released after a review from the Zone. Due to his souls, the world wasn’t activated until Xie Xi met the conditions and was selected.

The core tasks of the quasi-worlds were mostly derived from the strongest will in the quasi-world.

If it wasn’t Xie Xi but someone else clearing the world, they might receive serious tasks like seizing the position of the prince, fighting for power, racial conflict, marine protection… These were very serious tasks. Still, it was Xie Xi who entered. The souls were basically branches of Jiang Xie. They inherited things from their master and were very concerned about Xie Xi.

The previous three souls were still weak. In Love to the Left or Right, they preferred the death of the demonized Sein Hall and the task was to survive for seven days.

Lost Atlantis had six souls, meaning six souls wanted to be close to Xie Xi. This will was too powerful and the task became—collect the love of the six princes.

They were eager to fall in love with Xie Xi, thus setting this core mission.

Jiang Xie looked at Xie Xi’s appearance on the water curtain and felt pained and worried.

What should he do?

Should he wait for Xie Xi to clear the instance and hope Xie Xi would listen?

Based on this bloody goodwill, he was afraid that the little guy wouldn’t even bother giving him a fake smile.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...