Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Extra 1

The new Central didn’t belong to them. Xie Xi and Jiang Xie returned to their own Central.

They created a new Central, just like the countless quasi-worlds that had been cleared.

Once the mission was completed, they could leave and after that, there was no need to interfere.

The new world, the new Central was like an 18 year old adult. It only needed independence and freedom.

Back in Central’s garden, Xie Xi was still a bit confused. “Are we really back this time?”

Jiang Xie moved his fingers and a water curtain appeared out of thin air.

Xie Xi smiled. “We’re back.”

Jiang Xie wondered, “Go and see the task rewards?”

Xie Xi was also very curious. “Good!”

His mission was long enough to repair 12 small worlds and he created a new Central…

Xie Xi opened the rewards interface and his eyes became more and more bigger.

Jiang Xie leaned over and was sour after one glance. “You reached half of my fortune.” He had experienced thousands of small worlds and completed countless tasks!

Xie Xi was stunned and his senses slowly returned. “Half… are you so rich?” The golden flashing rewards in front of him made him blind.

He couldn’t see it… he couldn’t…

There was so much good stuff that it was numb…

Jiang Xie pinched his white cheek. “Is your husband a poor man in your heart?”

Xie Xi stared at him.

Jiang Xie hugged him and suddenly suggested, “Let’s get married quickly!”

Xie Xi couldn’t keep up with this person’s brain circuit. “What?”

Jiang Xie kissed him with sighing. “If we wait any longer, my betrothal gift won’t be more than your betrothal gift.” This was already half. After a few more tasks, he wouldn’t able to afford his child even if he gave all his money.

What a mess!

Xie Xi pushed him away. “You are speaking nonsense.”

Jiang Xie was sincere. “Really, we should get married. There might be no legal procedures but we can call Ah Zhe and the others to play together.” By the way, he also had to clean up these bastards.

Xie Xi gazed at him with some anger between his eyebrows.

Jiang Xie’s heart was glued to this person and he immediately noticed it. He softened his voice and said, “Okay, if you don’t like it…”

Before he finished, Xie Xi frowned. “We… didn’t we get married a long time ago.”

Jiang Xie was stunned.

Xie Xi’s spoke in a low voice, “Did you say that thing for fun?”

They were vague words but Jiang Xie suddenly understood.

Xie Xi was referring to the life the two people spent in Dream Come True.

They truly got married at the time and were together for over 60 years.

Since then, this child had already identified him as the only companion?

Jiang Xie’s heart was sweet and bitter as he held Xie Xi’s hand. “It is a dream but a reality for the two people. I definitely won’t forget it.”

This was what Jiang Xie had told Xie Xi after leaving Dream Come True.

Xie Xi’s demeanour relaxed but he still looked at the other person with some anger. “Since it is true, why get married again? We didn’t… divorce.”

Instantly, honey-like sweetness filled his chest cavity and Jiang Xie kissed Xie Xi. “You really are my baby.”

Xie Xi couldn’t stand him saying this. ”You are speaking nonsense again.”

“Then I won’t say it.” Jiang Xie got closer. “It is better to do it a few times!”

Xie Xi, “……………………”

Fortunately, the ‘doorbell’ of the garden rang at this time.

Yan Zhe’s voice was heard. “Open the door, open the door, open the door!”

Jiang Xie felt a bit empty and cancelled the doorbell function.

Xie Xi heard it and stated, “God Yan came.”

“I’m not hurt.” The souls were all returned and the aftereffects of the white space couldn’t harm the current Jiang Xie.

Xie Xi thought about how this was a complete Jiang Xie and his heart was particularly slid.

Of course, he was practical and couldn’t ignore their friends.

If it wasn’t for Yan Zhe, the last six small worlds would’ve never been so easy.

Xie Xi shouted, “Go open the door!”

Jiang Xie replied, “No.”

Xie Xi whispered a sentence to him.

Jiang Xie’s eyes brightened. “Don’t regret it.”

Xie Xi’s ears were red. “Is it useful for me to regret it?”

Jiang Xie let him go. The two men dressed neatly and opened the garden door.

It was more than Yan Zhe. There were all the lonely male gods.

Nan Yi opened his mouth. “Neglecting your friends when smitten with a new love Old Jiang!” Letting them wait outside for so long, he wanted to know what was going on!

Jiang Xie told him, “Disturbing love, I wish you a lifetime of being single.”

T-The heart was pierced!

Nan Yi now had a ‘handle’ in his hand and he spoke very proudly. “You can’t talk. You appear as many people to talk about love.”

They finished the video and really laughed. It was enough for 3,000 years of fun!

Jiang Xie had long had the memories of the souls. How could he not know?

He knew them much better than Xie Xi and knew what they would do with his eyes closed.

Jiang Xie’s black materials were in the hands of others but he was still very calm. He said, “Speaking of which, the world story of the new civilization will be put on the shelves.”

At first, this topic sounded random but all the faces of the male gods changed.

Jiang Xie spoke slowly. “The wonderful performance of the five god level players, shouldn’t I share it with Central. I will let everyone watch and study it.”

Yan Zhe took the lead in having his hairs raised. “No!”

Jiang Xie wondered, “Why not? It is a SSS-grade world and didn’t the five of you work hard?”

Language was mobilized. The contents of the words really caused a desire to beat up this person!

However, they couldn’t beat him…

Xie Xi finally responded.

The new civilization was the quasi-world that he and Jiang Xie redesigned after the repair. In other words, it was the world where they became planets.

Xie Xi saw a bit of the live broadcast at the time.

Qin Ge became a star and the other four were planets.

The star was hot and cold and couldn’t get close out of fear he might swallow up the four planets.

The four planets were also very sad. One was poisonous, one was too small, one was a lazy rock and the other worked hard to raise a lower life form only to have it die.

The task of these five balls was to create a new civilization and they were tossed badly.

Jiang Xie was the designer so he had the world story and could clearly see the five balls’ ‘hard work.’

It was unknown what the five big men had gone through but even Gong Rui had an expression of ‘life and death’ and cried out, “It can’t be put on the shelf!”

General Qin was honest. “It is too… shameful.”

Nan Yi was even more urgent. “Old Jiang, if you dare to put it on the shelves then I will fight with you!”

Jiang Xie spoke, “I haven’t seen it yet. Is the SSS-grade mission very difficult?”

All five had constipated expressions.

Jiang Xie added, “You have experienced the heaven and earth god level missions. What is the SSS level?”

Yan Zhe exclaimed, “That is different! The former is erasing and the latter is clearing it!”

The task of erasing was basically wiping out everything, especially for the violent Jiang Xie and Nan Yi. It was simply killing from beginning to end!

In the five balls, they didn’t kill and were stupid to the extreme! They did many stupid things and didn’t dare to recall them.

If this was released to the Central Government, it definitely wouldn’t be Old Jiang who would be laughed at for 3,000 years. It would be them!

Jiang stated, “Oh, this really isn’t suitable for public release.”

Nonsense! This wasn’t watching for studying. It was called public punishment!

Looking at his pretentious appearance, how could the five people not understand?

He was full of unwillingness but for his own face, Zong Xia took the initiative in handing over the video they could reminisce about for 3,000 years.

General Qin didn’t pay anything because he didn’t have any videos.

After recovering the videos, Jiang Xie made a satisfied smile. “It won’t be on any shelves. Although I can sell it for a lot of money, you know the most important thing I have is money.”

Everyone, “…………………………”

They regretted it. They really wanted to beat him down in a life and death struggle!

Nan Yi refused to accept defeat. “So what if there is no video? We have all seen it and it is carefully imprinted in our minds!”

Xie Xi, “…” It was a shame!

Jiang Xie wasn’t the same. His face didn’t change and his heart didn’t jump. He could also counter them. “Your mind is full of my love story with Little Xie. Are you happy?”

Nan Yi, “…”

He stabbed Jiang Xie. “Very happy, the love of seven people is rare.”

Jiang Xie spoke again. “Yes, I divided into six parts and they all love Little Xie.”

Gong Rui was also caught.

Jiang Xie stared at Xie Xi with deep feelings. “No matter what I become, Little Xie likes me.”

This remark caused a strong discomfort and the single dogs quit the group chat.

The male gods who rushed over and returned as feathers were very unwilling. “How can we not beat this old animal?”

God Yan replied, “It is because you don’t have his thick face!”

The gods felt sorrowful…

Xie Xi didn’t know if he should laugh or cry as he looked at Jiang Xie. “I have never seen you with such a thick face!”

Jiang Xie made an innocent expression. “I am telling the truth.”

He was really honest…

Even if he divided into 120 parts, he would fall in love with Xie Xi at first sight. Even if he divided into 120 parts, Xie Xi would recognize him with one glance.

He was honest but this was already the biggest show-off.

Xie Xi’s heart was sweet and his eyes full of laughter.

Jiang Xie kissed him. “The people are gone. Shall we continue? You promised me that I could…”

What did this damn person want!

Xie Xi just wanted to be abstinent when he saw the garden full of roses and suddenly remembered something. “Why do you like roses so much?”

The garden was full of roses and there was also the shadow of roses in the quasi-worlds that Jiang Xie designed.

Not to mention that Xie Xi was the flower god and Beast King Rose…

Jiang Xie paused.

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Did you see something when you touched the centre?”

Jiang Xie spoke lightly. “I once saw you among roses.”

Xie Xi’s eyes widened. “What happened next?” It definitely wasn’t a good future.

Jiang Xie replied, “The next time I saw you, you weren’t breathing.”

Xie Xi’s heart was tugged.

Jiang Xie stared at him. “That doesn’t exist.” He told Xie Xi, “Only what we believe now is real.”

Xie Xi was even more distressed and kissed him. “You avoided all the futures. How could you be sure that there would be a now?”

Even if he didn’t see the future, there would still be countless possibilities when walking the path of adversity.

Jiang Xie spoke in a low voice. “I wasn’t sure…”

He was really unsure but…”

He stared at Xie Xi and declared, “Even if there was only one-millionth of a chance, I was going to try it.”

Fortunately, he met the present.

Jiang Xie’s luck was good.

Was there anything more fortunate than fulfilling his lifetime’s wish?

Perhaps it should be said that Jiang Xie never relied on luck.

He took step by step, separating himself from the shackles of fate and seeing the light at the end of the tunnel.

Haha, no one guessed that I meant it is the day GL ends.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...