Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Collapsing 10 Boundaries 5

Xie Xi wanted to say, ‘I didn’t! Don’t think like that!’

However, a succubus’ habits were written in the textbook. If he said that he didn’t wear clothes because they kept disappearing, it was estimated that all of Heaven and even the Demon World would laugh like it was the best joke all year.

Jiang Xie didn’t know where to place his eyes and the tip of his ears was red. He pretended to be calm, “It is fine without the school uniform. You can wear any clothes.” His tone was as if he was spoiling Xie Xi.

Xie Xi said honestly, “Everything I wear will disappear.”

Jiang Xie coaxed him. “This isn’t the Demon World. It will cause confusion if you go out like this.”

Xie Xi, “…” He knew and really wanted to wear clothes. The problem was that he really couldn’t wear it.

Poor Xie Xi was like a well-known liar who corrected his evil ways. No one would believe him even if he told the truth.

Jiang Xie requested, “Can you put on some clothes?”

Xie Xi’s brow furrowed and he was very embarrassed.

Jiang Xie could be counted as finding a place to put his eyes. He didn’t dare look at Xie Xi’s body so he stared at Xie Xi’s eyes.

He saw the reluctance in Xie Xi’s eyes and thought about the contents of the textbook. He quickly explained, “I don’t want you to wear clothes because you are ugly. In fact, you are beautiful. Just…”

Xie Xi was stunned and tried to keep up with this person’s brain circuits.

The succubus had a beautiful and s*xy body. Making them wear clothes was like implying they were ugly.

This was a great insult to succubi. It was quite rude, just like telling an angel they had a pair of chicken wings.

Xie Xi wasn’t angry about this…

Jiang Xie’s scalp was still numb. “You are just too good-looking that I don’t want others to see it.” He was startled when he finished, his heart beating like a drum.

Xie Xi was speechless. Did this person inadvertently speak the truth?

Jiang Xie reacted quickly and changed his words. “I mean, us angels are used to guarding the beauty of things. I should protect your beautiful body well.”

Was this coaxing a three year old succubus?

Xie Xi inwardly rolled his eyes but his expression looked convinced. “It turned out to be like this.”

Jiang Xie saw his posture loosen and let out a sigh. “Then shall you put on some clothes first?”

Xie Xi was helpless. “However, at night, my clothes will disappear. It can’t be helped.”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi spoke again. “Can I wrap myself up in a quilt? A quilt won’t disappear.”

A beautiful and thrilling succubus not wearing anything apart from a quilt. This would turn the welcome party into a bloody meeting!

Jiang Xie’s blood surged and his head felt like it was on fire. “You must wear clothes.”

“It is really the case. If you don’t believe me then try it.”

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi didn’t care. Hadn’t they already done everything? It was unknown how many times the shameless Jiang Xie had dressed him.

However, this was the first time for Gemini.

Xie Xi felt a bit cold so he sat back on the bed and pulled up a quilt to cover himself.

It wasn’t yet autumn and this quilt was thin. This only made him more attractive.

As a member of the heavenly race, desire was forbidden. This didn’t mean it was impossible. So again and again…

No, if you couldn’t resist the temptation then he would be transferred from this dormitory. Then other people would live with Xie Xi…

Xie Xi didn’t know these thoughts or he would definitely think of a sentence: Old vinegar can cure a lustful heart.

In order to not change dormitories, Jiang Xie promised, “Then I will try it.”

Xie Xi spoke calmly, “Thank you for the trouble.”

From this point of view, Xie Xi was quite suitable for the identity of a succubus. It was obvious that he wasn’t dressed but he was relaxed while the well-dressed sacred angel was uncomfortable.

As he was assisted to wear clothes, Xie Xi suspected that Jiang Xie would need to take off some clothes to dissipate the heat.

Jiang Xie was sweating heavily after placing the first piece of clothing on Xie Xi. Once the clothing disappeared into the air, the white body was too close.

Xie Xi opened his mouth. “Look, I didn’t lie to you.”

Jiang Xie sighed. “Don’t be afraid, I won’t hurt you.” As he spoke, his slim fingers touched Xie Xi’s brow.

Xie Xi was surprised and didn’t know what this person was doing.

Then he felt a coolness pouring in from his brow and his strength seemed to be drained away.

Jiang Xie held him and had him sit on the bed. Xie Xi was full of doubts. Jiang Xie hurriedly helped him dress neatly. Xie Xi was like a puppet and didn’t even have the strength to speak.

The magical thing was this time he dressed and his clothes didn’t disappear. Xie Xi was slightly surprised. Jiang Xie had a ‘you see, your clothes didn’t disappear’ expression.

The slow Xie Xi took a while to understand…

Jiang Xie used his ‘magic’ so the clothes wouldn’t disappear?

What was this? He couldn’t wear clothes because he didn’t want to wear them? That definitely wasn’t it! Yet Jiang Xie threw the ‘evidence’ in front of him.

After seeing Xie Xi’s displeased face, Jiang Xie raised his eyebrows and sighed. “If you really don’t want to wear clothes then don’t worry.”

He removed the enchantment, restored Xie Xi’s magic and the clothes immediately disappeared.

Xie Xi didn’t care about this passive skill. He was curious. Would Jiang Xie actually let Xie Xi go out naked?

Jiang Xie was Jiang Xie after all. Vinegar was his essence.

He said, “It is fine not to attend the welcome party.”

It turned out to be giving up the welcome party.

Xie Xi said, “Isn’t it important to attend the welcome party?” Once he finished speaking, he regretted it. Sure enough, Jiang Xie’s eyes became, ‘Do you attend the welcome meeting in the Demon World without clothes?’

Xie Xi was dumbfounded. His demon World wasn’t like this. What was in Jiang Xie’s yellow skull?

However, this filthiest man was pretending to be a holy angel and patiently coaxed him, “If you want to go then you have to wear clothes. If you don’t want to wear clothes then you can’t go.”

This seemed to be giving him a choice but in fact, there were no options. No matter what option he chose, he would still be a pervert.

He wanted to go but unfortunately, he couldn’t get dressed. If he didn’t go then it 100% showed that he disliked clothes.

Xie Xi didn’t have a choice. He turned over in the bed and wrapped himself up in the quilt. “I won’t go.”

This looked like he was sulking.

Jiang Xie put himself in the other person’s shoes, thought about the succubus’ nature and apologized. “It is my bad. Don’t be angry. I know that making you dress is as uncomfortable as us not dressing…”

Hearing this, the Xie Xi in the quilt almost spat out, ‘Old Jiang, your face!’

It was no wonder why God Yan always liked to scold him. Xie Xi also experienced the essence of it. He wouldn’t be comfortable if he didn’t scold Jiang Xie!

Jiang Xie was still changing his angle of thinking. “The fact that you came to Heaven as an exchange student shows you are the best student. I can see that you are diligent and eager to learn. You listen carefully and are interested in the history of Heaven…” He saw Xie Xi reading the history in the bookstore.

Jiang Xie continued, “You are alone in a strange place and it is normal not to adapt. Can we do it slowly? If you come to this world, you have to dress well.”

Xie Xi didn’t want to talk.

Jiang Xie kept comforting him. “As long as you wear clothes outside, you can go back to the dormitory and not wear them. I won’t care.”

Look at his pleading tone, his indulgent attitude and his understanding posture.

Xie Xi, “…” He felt that he couldn’t wait to go back to Central. He wanted to commit domestic violence now!

Jiang Xie was still very ethical. “If you aren’t going to the welcome party then I will accompany you in the dormitory.”

How good, kind and holy was the angel Jiang Xie? He was breaking his heart for the succubus that didn’t like to wear clothing.

Finally, the two people didn’t go to the welcome party. There was no way. Xie Xi wasn’t willing to wear clothes (get lost) and Jiang Xie was afraid he would be lonely, and justifiably stayed to accompany him.

The teachers understood the situation. After knowing the details, he directly praised Jiang Xie. “This treatment is very good. A succubus who doesn’t wear clothes will cause too much confusion for the students but we shouldn’t wrong him and should respect his choice. Student Jiang, you are working hard to get along with your roommate.”

Jiang Xie was humble. “It’s nothing.”

In the room, Xie Xi rolled his eyes up to the school. It truly was hard. Jiang Xie worked hard to design such a wonderful world!

The campus life of Succubus Xie and Angel Jiang officially kicked off.

Jiang Xie took care of Xie Xi very well. He delivered three meals a day on time, afraid that the hungry Xie Xi would go and hook people.

At night, he closed the window and gave Xie Xi comfortable space to be naked.

Xie Xi learnt more about the world in these days.

Heaven and the Demon World were in harmony. In order to be more respectful and understand each other better, every year there would be an exchange of excellent students to experience the other school.

Xie Xi came to Heavenly University as an exchange student from the Demon World. It was reasonable to say that a student of Heaven would’ve gone to the Demon World as an exchange student.

Xie Xi was quite worried about this compatriot at first. He came to Heaven and went from never wearing clothes to wearing them. The exchange student from Heaven would go from wearing clothes to not wearing clothes…

The situation that was worst was obvious at first glance.

Later, Xie Xi understood that the exchange wasn’t carried out at the same time.

For example, Xie Xi was current in Heaven. After a year, a student from Heaven would go to the Demon World.

Xie Xi’s mind worked and he asked Jiang Xie, “Will you join me in the Demon World next year?”

Jiang Xie replied, “It depends on whether I can pass the assessment.”

Xie Xi’s eyes lit up. “What assessment?”

At this time, the two people had been together for a month but it was the first time Jiang Xie saw Xie Xi like this. He asked, “Do you want me to go to the Demon World?”

Xie Xi naturally wanted it. Besides, he believed that if Jiang Xie couldn’t pass this assessment, other people couldn’t even think of it.

Xie Xi nodded. “You are taking care of me like this. I will take good care of you in the Demon World.”

Jiang Xie’s lips curved, his expression happy.

Xie Xi asked again, “What type of assessment is it?”

Jiang Xie glanced at him, head buzzing. “You will be an adult at the end of the year. I have to withstand the temptation of an adult succubus before I am qualified to go to the Demon World.”

Xie Xi helped translate for him. “This means I have to seduce you at the end of the year and you have to hold on?”

“Right.”

Xie Xi, “………………”

Jiang Xie thought the other person wasn’t at ease and promised, “I will try my best.”

Xie Xi pursed his lips. “I will be merciful.”

Jiang Xie told you, “You don’t have to do anything. An adult succubus can make people crazy by doing nothing.”

Xie Xi was speechless. He really didn’t understand these wonderful settings.

After holding on for so long, Jiang Xie finally revealed his fox tail. “However, we can practice a bit in private.”

Xie Xi wondered, “Hrmm?”

Jiang Xie whispered softly, “If you have time on weekdays, try to seduce me. Perhaps my resistance will grow.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...