Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas 27

Xie Xi was afraid of the souls dying. He couldn’t take into account the dazed Red Two and kept running.

Red Two responded quickly and grabbed him.

Xie Xi looked at him anxiously and exclaimed, “Brother Red Two, I really have to pass. If I let them cause trouble then big things will happen!”

Red Two’s soul had returned and he felt complicated. “You are that white rose?”

Xie Xi was afraid of the delay and unceremoniously took off his vest. “I really am.”

He said this and there was no doubt about it. Who knew that Red Two would actually sigh. “You say that you are the white rose but how can the gap be so big? One is courageous and fearless while the other is a coward who hides his head.”

Xie Xi, “???” What did this mean? He could understand every word but he didn’t know how they fit together.

Red Two took his hand. “I can’t let you take this risk!”

Xie Xi didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. “I really…”

“I know that you want to take the risk for us roses and stop it. However, you can’t. Even if you are a white rose, you can’t replace him. His sin can only be carried by himself!”

Sure enough, this person’s brain was enough to be called two! Xie Xi seriously emphasized, “I really am the white rose, the white rose they are fighting to grab.”

Who knew that this vest had a strong glue and couldn’t be taken off! Red Two wanted to speak but Xie Xi couldn’t wait any longer. He usually didn’t show it and everyone really thought he was a weak rose.

Still, don’t forget that Xie Xi was a person with the junior qualifications. If he was serious then ordinary people couldn’t stop him.

“If you don’t believe me, just come with me.” Xie Xi didn’t shake off Red Two and simply dragged him along.

Red Two exclaimed, “You… you have so much strength!”

Xie Xi was inexplicably reminded of someone’s routine: My other place is bigger. What a mess! Sure enough, he should be a follower of the Mohist School.

His face was red as he ran faster. He couldn’t let the souls have an accident. Something this bad was dangerous!

Red Two didn’t know the little rose was thinking perverted thoughts and was still chattering, “I don’t believe you. You are Sage Azure Dragon’s fiance. How can you still have time to provoke Nine Tails, Houqing and White Tiger? If you really have this ability, why didn’t you give anything to Vermilion Bird?”

Xie Xi paused. “Don’t be presumptuous.”

Red Two thought he had really ‘collected’ Vermilion Bird and compromised. “Okay, I will accompany you. It is possible that once the two ancestors see that we are roses, they will listen to our words. It is a good thing if we can stop them.”

Forget it. Xie Xi sighed. He was too lazy to explain. In any case, truth and lies would be obvious once Red Two saw it with his own eyes.

Red Two didn’t know that his worldview was teetering. He clearly had the opportunity to escape but he came to witness the ‘miracle’!

Xie Xi arrived and was shocked by the battle. If there was a god of war in this war, White Tiger of the Holy Mountain and Houqing of the Demon Sea deserved the name.

Neither of them looked at anyone else. They just stood there but they gave off the momentum of the mountains and rivers.

This was the first time Xie Xi had seen White Tiger in this quasi-world.

Old Gars was actually very meticulous, especially in the first world where he pretended to be a maid and wore women’s clothing. In Atlantis, he was a general who constantly won but there was an overly exquisite face under the strong armour. His personality was fierce and he always danced with knives and g*ns. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be any woman who wasn’t charmed once he took off the armour.

This time, he wore silver armour with a red cloak flying through the air. His exquisite face was filled with killing intent.

Xie Xi trembled. This Old Three was also good-looking. Speaking of which, he didn’t think that the five people would ever look good to him. Now…

If Old Jiang was present, he would probably cover Xie Xi’s face with gold. Beauty was in the eyes of the lover, Dear!

After seeing White Tiger, he couldn’t help looking at Houqing. He had met Houqing in the god’s wisdom but this was the first time in reality.

Xie Xi took a look and his heart jerked. Houqing’s face was white and his different coloured eyes dead. He was clearly standing there but it seemed like his soul had been taken away.

White Tiger shouted angrily, “You’re trash.”

Houqing didn’t say anything.

“Give him to me!”

Houqing was silent and still didn’t respond.

White Tiger had the temper of the third child and raised his hand, long knife pointed at Houqing’s chest. “Don’t hesitate to do something until forced!”

Xie Xi heard these words and basically guessed the situation.

White Tiger thought the white rose was with Houqing but the white rose had long been taken away by Nine Tails.

After Houqing lost the person, he was in a state of despair. Now that he had to face White Tiger’s forced questioning, how could he say anything?

This was the so-called ‘valuing both equally.’ Xie Xi was really pained by Houqing. He was pitiful in Atlantis and this time wasn’t much better. First, his lover was dug away by Nine Tails and now he had to face White Tiger’s resentment. How miserable was he/

He tried to come forward, only for White Tiger to stab at Houqing’s chest.

“Stop!” He hurriedly opened his mouth but it was already too late.

Xie Xi didn’t expect that Houqing wouldn’t even dodge!

It was true that White Tiger’s fighting power went against the sky but Houqing wasn’t an ordinary person! He was a person who rivalled White Tiger in strength. How could he not even hide from the knife? Houqing didn’t want to hide.

White Tiger turned his head and crimson eyes locked on Xie Xi. Xie Xi’s heart jumped. If this gaze could be turned into something real, White Tiger’s eyes would be a dense net that tightly bound Xie Xi.

He was stared at like this and couldn’t move at all.

Houqing also turned his head. He saw Houqing but there were no fluctuations in the different coloured eyes. It was like a pool of stagnant water, the calm making people feel distressed.

Xie Xi’s heart was stabbed and he cried out, “Why didn’t you dodge?”

Houqing took a breath and whispered, “I’m sorry.”

Was he apologizing for the substitute matter? Xie Xi didn’t care about it at all.

White Tiger pulled out the long blade and demanded coldly, “99, come back with me.”

Xie Xi could only manage one person at a time and naturally picked the half-dead one. He didn’t look at White Tiger and helped support Houqing. “How are you? Can you stand up?”

White Tiger’s veins bulged and his angry voice filled the air. “99, come here!”

His tone was so fierce that he seemed like he was hit someone. Xie Xi was afraid of him but didn’t turn his head.

White Tiger’s voice was on the verge of exploding. “His shadow has been ruined by me and won’t live long.”

In this quasi-world,  Houqing’s setting was a zombie ancestor. His most powerful feature was his undead body. It was actually similar to Xie Xi’s puppet but his shadow was stronger and more resistant to a beating.

Previously, the old chief said that the flower god repaired his three heads and six arms. This was actually Houqing’s shadow body. Houqing had two shadows so this was three bodies. Thus, he had three heads and six arms.

The shadow body was killed. For Houqing, this was truly a deadly wound! Xie Xi felt even more anxious. He supported Houqing and wanted to take him back to find a way to save his life.

The white tiger’s blade came over, causing Xie Xi’s scalp to feel numb! Xie Xi stood in front of Houqing and confronted White Tiger.

White Tiger looked murderous. He was a sage but he seemed more brutal than a demon ancestor. He spoke through gritted teeth, “Do you think I won’t dare to hurt you?”

Xie Xi was fearless and stared without blinking.

The atmosphere suddenly dropped to freezing point and the people watching from dozens of metres away were scared to death.

Would the White Tiger do it? Such a little rose wouldn’t be able to stand it!

By all accounts, this was the time Red Two should pop out to save his compatriot. However, he actually couldn’t move. Under this amazing momentum, people lost the ability to control their bodies!

Everyone was quiet and shocked by the situation. They felt that the little rose who angered Sage White Tiger was already a dead flower.

Once his anger reached the limit, the White Tiger who seemed to lose his mind suddenly stopped and slammed the long knife into the ground.

They couldn’t see how big his movements were but the strength was amazing. The blade struck the ground and cracks opened. It was like an earthquake as an amazing gully appeared and shone with a faint red light. This knife went all the way down to the ground fire section!

Perhaps the force was too big. The long knife shattered and scattered star-like fragments. They were like falling stars in the cold knight. It was shocking and stunning, as if the thing broken wasn’t this long knife but… something in the chest.

The white tiger turned and left without looking back.

There was a bad taste in Xie Xi’s heart but what could he do? He was only one person and there were two souls. He could only take care of the one in front of him!

Houqing was very weak and his voice was low as he talked to himself. “I’m sorry…”

He repeated these words as if he didn’t know what he was apologizing for. Xie Xi put away his emotions and helped him. “I’ll take you back!”

Houqing glanced at him, thin lips moving.

Xie Xi stopped him. “Don’t say much. I have a way to save you.”

Houqing smiled, the tenderness in his eyes making Xie Xi confused on who he really was. “You… always have a way.”

His words were too soft and Xie Xi couldn’t hear them clearly.

At this time, the ‘frozen’ Red Two was finally able to move and he chased them. “99…”

Xie Xi told him, “I’ll take Lord Houqing back to the palace. You should return to Rose Mountain first.”

Red Two gritted his teeth. “How can I leave you alone? I will help!”

In fact, he wasn’t useful. Houqing’s attendants had already caught up with them.

With their help, Xie Xi could send Red Two back but Red Two insisted on following Xie Xi. Xie Xi thought about it and knew it was time for him to see the truth.

Back in Houqing Palace, Houqing was placed in his room. For Xie Xi’s sake, Red Two was treated as a guest of honour by the servants.

Red Two finally noticed that something was wrong. He stayed outside the door and heard the dialogue inside.

Houqing whispered, “Why did you come back?”

Xie Xi told him, “I can’t leave you alone.”

Houqing was dumbfounded. “You know everything.”

Xie Xi whispered, “So what?”

“Nine Tails is good to you. Why are you…?”

How could Red Two not understand after hearing this? He timidly backed away…

God, 99 didn’t lie to him. 99 was truly the white rose. 99 was Azure Dragon’s fiance but he took the betrothal gifts of Nine Tails and Houqing and had a cub with White Tiger…

The three views of Red Two officially collapsed!

Xie Xi did this deliberately. At this point, it was impossible to conceal it. Rather than letting the entire rose family be stunned by the worst situation, it was better to let Red Two go back and mentally prepare them. This way, the old chief of the rose family wouldn’t be so scared that his soul returned to the ground.

Red Two left and Xie Xi was alone with Houqing. The eyes that had been filled with great sadness came alive. “It hurts.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie spoke in a pathetic manner, “My heart was stabbed with aknife, my bones were broken and 80% of my veins destroyed…”

Xie Xi kissed him.

Jiang Xie, “!”

Xie Xi was already at the limit and his face was red. “Is it any better?”

Jiang Xie told him, “My finger bone is good but there are 206 bones, a broken heart and two shadows. If you round up and kiss me 1314 times, it should be…”

Xie Xi cried out blankly, “You can keep being hurt!” Sure enough, it wasn’t worth worrying about this bastard!

Poor Old Jiang was really powerless this time. Apart from playing a few tricks, he couldn’t even handle a few kisses.

Xie Xi’s mouth was fierce but he didn’t leave this person. He asked, “Is your shadow body gone?”

Since the flower god could repair three heads and six arms, so could Xie Xi.

Jiang Xie replied, “White Tiger didn’t hold back and Houqing didn’t resist. It is already fortunate that it is just the shadow.”

Xie Xi didn’t dare ask about why Houqing didn’t resist.

Jiang Xie asked again, “What happened? Explain it to me.”

In theory, this was the first time they were meeting and some memories needed to be passed along.

Xie Xi explained in full detail while also organizing it for himself.

Jiang Xie was stunned after hearing that Nine Tails was sealed by the god’s wisdom.

Xie Xi asked, “Is Nine Tails okay?” If there was something wrong with the soul then the master should know. Look at Jiang Xie’s current situation.

Jiang Xie shook his head. “He is fine.”

“But he disappeared into thin air.”

Jiang Xie got up and looked past Xie Xi at the god’s wisdom behind him.

Xie Xi followed his gaze. This was Houqing’s god’s wisdom and there was also a painting on it. Xie Xi’s gaze moved and ink appeared on the scroll.

Jiang Xie wondered, “What do you see?”

“A sea of flowers.”

Jiang Xie smiled. “Roses?”

Xie Xi nodded. He couldn’t see it but he guessed that it was a sea of roses. A large rose broke free from the vines and lay on the ground like a beautiful fairy descending to the ground.

“Is this where I met Houqing,” Xie Xi asked.

“Go in and take a look.”

Xie Xi remembered the injury on his body. “Can I change the memory in the god’s wisdom?” The shadow had been completely destroyed and it was impossible to repair it. Xie Xi could only prevent Houqing from being injured.

Jiang Xie wondered, “Why not?”

“Changing the past, won’t it affect the present?”

Jiang Xie stared at him and whispered, “Don’t be bound by time. There is no limit between the past and the present.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...