Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Failed Products

Xie Xi was the only Repairer so the task of repairing worlds could only be assigned to him, regardless of the level of the world.

Xie Xi thought of something. “If the worlds you design are SS-grade at most, why is there prefecture grade?” There was even a god grade?

Jiang Xie was the greatest designer in Central but his highest limit was SS. How did the others come about?

Jiang Xie next words allowed Xie Xi to know why this person was so worried.

“Not everyone can design a mature quasi-world. Many designers work hard only to make a failed product. The failed quasi-world is equivalent to a collapsed world and the level of the tasks released by Central will be very high.”

Xie Xi was startled. “Then the quasi-worlds about SSS-grade are collapsed worlds? You are going to fix them?”

“If we are going to fix them then you wouldn’t be the only Repairer.”

Xie Xi’s heart was tense as he understood.

Jiang Xie answered, “We are carrying out erasure tasks.”

Jiang Xie wasn’t the only one with collapsed worlds. It could be said that Jiang Xie was regarded as the greatest designer by the Central Government because the quasi-worlds he designed were all successful, not failed products.

Jiang Xie continued, “Failed products are very dangerous. They occupy resources and too many failed products will cause an irreversible erosion of the Central Government.”

“That’s why the Central Government will release erasure tasks to the players.”

Jiang Xie nodded. “We call such tasks land clearing. It is a one-off and after completing it, the failed world will disappear.”

Xie Xi had heard these words before but hadn’t understood. Now he did.

Erasing the failed product was also a helpless move for the Central Government.

The Central Government disliked failed products the most but it would be worse if they didn’t allow the designers to design. There would be no new worlds and the cycle of Central would collapse sooner or later. Designing was necessary for the creation of new worlds and there would inevitably be failures.

This type of failure couldn’t be left behind, which was why there were erasure tasks.

It was obvious how difficult it was to erase a world and only advanced and god level players dared to try it. However, this would create new problems…

Xie Xi stated, “The death rate of players who take the erasure tasks is very high.”

The failed quasi-worlds were still worlds. The will of the world existed and who would be willing to be wiped out? The more evil things were, the more paranoid they would become when pushed to the brink and they would definitely do everything they could to fight back.

Jiang Xie said, “That’s why new designers are decreasing.”

Xie Xi’s expression slightly darkened. “This can’t be an infinite loop.”

The designers made failed products and the Central Government had to release a task for high level players to erase the world. High level players encountered deadly resistance in the failed worlds and there were inevitable casualties.

High level players were the cornerstones of becoming a designer. Their large consumption directly led to the reduction of mature designers. Without mature designers, there were more failed products…

No wonder why the Central Government was gradually declining. According to this, the consequences were unthinkable!

Jiang Xie told him. “It is a good thing you are here.”

In the face of this dead knot, the Repairer became a broken player. All the Repairer had to do was fix the world, which was a different concept from erasing it.

If Xie Xi could repair Jiang Xie’s worlds as well as the failed products, the Central Government could enter a new virtuous cycle.

The designer’s failed products could be repaired and become a complete quasi-world. It would be tested by collectors, explorers and recorders. Once cleared, it would become a new world and fresh blood would enter Central, stopping the decline.

Compared with the helpless erasure tasks, the repair task was simply fantastic. This waste recycling was really time-saving and trouble-saving!

Xie Xi was very puzzled. “Why hasn’t there been a Repairer before?”

“This also depends on opportunity.”

The birth of a new occupation wasn’t easy. The Central Government must’ve been constantly exploring methods, trying and experienced many failures before meeting Xie Xi.

Xie Xi told Jiang Xie, “If this is the case, the repair task shouldn’t be too difficult.”

“However, my world level is a bit high.”

The previous failed products were at most A-grade worlds. Then once an erasure task was released, they would grow into prefecture and even god level. Then this SS-grade world…

Xie Xi smiled. “That is erasing. I am repairing.”

Erasure tasks would inevitably cause the world’s will to feel hostile. It wanted to exist and would kill the players at all costs.

However, Xie Xi was different. He was a Repairer and used gentler means. It was essentially ‘healing’ the broken world.

For example, a person would cancer would desperately try to survive and fight back. On the other hand, if a doctor came to treat hem then how could he fight? He would cooperate fully if there was a chance to be healed.

The difference between an erasure task and a repairing task was the difference between a killer and a doctor.

Jiang Xie also thought of this but he still had some concerns. After all, Xie Xi’s current level was too low. In the face of a crazy patient, could a student still studying medicine be able to control the patient’s condition?

Xie Xi held the other person’s hand. “Still, this is your quasi-world.”

Jiang Xie was surprised for a moment.

“I believe that even if it breaks down, the quasi-worlds you design are the best.” Xie Xi was sincere. “It is because X is the greatest designer.”

Jiang Xie’s heart shook and the thick sweetness filled his entire body. He had a quick tongue but at his moment, he found that he couldn’t say anything. It turned out that too much honey would cause the mouth to stick so that people couldn’t open their mouths.

Xie Xi coaxed him. “Don’t worry, you’ll be with me.”

Jiang Xie buried himself in Xie Xi’s neck. “Yes.”

Xie Xi thought this person would have a mouth as fast as a train but Jiang Xie was actually silent. Xie Xi wasn’t used to this. “The time is still early. Should we prepare the items?”

The topic distraction allowed Jiang Xie to calm his mood. “Wait a minute, I will go get you a high level items box.”

The initial items box could only carry three items. Xie Xi was sure to bring the god’s wisdom, meaning it was best to also take along a pen. Add a uniform and the three squares were full. It was best to equip a high level items box to bring more things.

Xie Xi asked, “How many squares are there in the best items box?”

Jiang Xie was already preparing to go to the black market but he turned back and replied, “A golden legendary box has nine squares but it is too hard to encounter this box. It is difficult to buy with money. I will first see if there is a blue items box. It might only have five squares but…”

Xie Xi interrupted. “Can more than one items box be equipped?”

The unlucky Jiang didn’t think too much and smiled. “Of course not, a player can only carry one items box. That’s why the golden items box is hard to find.”

“Then you don’t have to go. I have a golden items box equipped.”

Jiang Xie, “???”

Xie Xi explained, “I got a special reward for clearing Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas and it gave me a golden items box.

Jiang Xie, “…………….”

Who would think that the person who made people speechless in the past would have a screen full of ellipsis today!

It was really every item has a weakness!

After a full three seconds, the Unlucky Chief Jiang spoke in a sour manner, “Wife, you are really white.” He wasn’t just the emperor, he was simply God’s illegitimate child!

Xie Xi glanced at him. “Hmm?”

Jiang Xie changed his words. “Dear, you are so lucky!”

“Or your quasi-world is too powerful.”

Jiang Xie muttered, “I designed the quasi-world but I didn’t get such a good reward…”

The lucky Xie Xi got it. Designing quasi-worlds also gave special rewards but the ‘garbage’ in Designer Jiang’s warehouse was enough to make a mountain pile!

Xie Xi smiled. “Well, it will be better in the future.”

Jiang Xie took a deep breath against Xie Xi’s neck. “Yes, I will suck some of the lucky energy and maybe I can go ashore.” He didn’t want to be the emperor of luck or white, he just didn’t want the worst rewards.

Xie Xi rubbed his itchy neck and laughed. “Don’t make trouble. Help me determine what to bring.”

This items box might be the largest but it was still only nine squares. It needed to be well planned. In this aspect, Jiang Xie was superior. After all, this Old Jiang had enough experience.

Jiang Xie’s experience was quite plentiful!

He said, “Don’t casually go to the player’s market to buy things. Many items have level requirements for players. If the player’s level is too low then the use of the item might backfire. There might be fewer things in the mall but for you, it is most cost-effective.

Xie Xi nodded. “Are the high level medicine harmful to low level players?”

Jiang Xie gave an explanation. “Different physiques means different tolerances.”

Xie Xi asked again, “Should I bring a few more uniforms?” If the medicine wasn’t powerful then the fatal immunity uniform would work well.

“Bring two pieces at the most. Don’t rely on the immunity to fatal injuries. Once you reach a high level, you will understand. At this point, immunity isn’t significant because you will probably die many times in a row.”

Xie Xi was stunned as he imagined the scene. Being immune to deadly wounds was indeed an extra life but he also needed the ability to escape the killer.

So what about resurrection? The other side would come again and again. Even if he had nine lives, he would eventually die if he didn’t have enough strength.

Jiang Xie told him, “Remember, don’t rely on the fatal injury immunity. You should try to avoid dying.”

This was really Old Jiang’s heartfelt words. New players might gain a misunderstanding in the middle period and think that due to the fatal injuries immunity, it was like playing a game. It didn’t matter if they died once because they could resurrect.

The quasi-world wasn’t a game. Unexpected emergencies would emerge endlessly. Ignorantly putting themselves in a situation where they would encounter a fatal injury was sooner or later killing themselves.

The most sensible thing was to be prepared in advance, rather than wait for the fatal injuries immunity.

Real advanced players didn’t even carry fatal immunity items.

It wasn’t because they completely denied the usefulness of such items. It was because it was more cost-effective to use the limited squares for something else.

Xie Xi nodded solemnly. “I get it.”

Jiang Xie continued, “There are a limited number of items you can use at the moment so you can bring two uniforms.”

Xie Xi shook his head. “I should keep a square for something you can use.”

Jiang Xie’s heart was sweet. “Items have little significance to me now. I am almost immune to all drugs and a weapon only occupies one square. If this is destroyed then I will die. Nothing else has much value.”

Jiang Xie had long passed the stage of relying on items.

Xie Xi frowned. “Immune to all drugs.”

Jiang Xie was afraid of his worry and quickly explained, “It is because my qualifications are too high.”

Xie Xi didn’t believe it. “Isn’t it from eating too much?”

Jiang Xie coughed. “There is also a reason for this.”

Drugs always caused resistant. The more that was consumed, the worse the effect. Jiang Xie always had bad luck. It was unknown how hard it had been all the way to the present…

Xie Xi felt pained but it wasn’t good to say anything. After all, those things were over.

Jiang Xie continued to help him with the items box. “There are two uniforms. You want to bring the god’s wisdom so it is best to bring a pen. It might be wasteful to use a square on a pen but if you can’t find a pen at a suitable time in the quasi-world then it will be troublesome.”

A pen was very common but it was extremely important for Xie Xi. Bringing an item couldn’t be abandoned just because it was common. As long as it was important, it should occupy a square, even if it was soil. This was because there were too many changes in a quasi-world.

“Bring a dozen basic hemostatic drugs, a basic physical medicine, a food package and a hot and cold weapon.”

This was nine squares filled up.

Xie Xi understood the difference between hot and cold weapons. A g*n might be better than a sword but in some cases, it wasn’t necessarily more useful than a sword. The thing he didn’t understand was—

“I shouldn’t bring a body character or a search mirror?”

They were two rare props in the mall. Xie Xi’s money wasn’t bad and he could bring two dozens of them.

Jiang Xie shook his head. “You can take it if it is a world below C-grade. However, those items are mostly ineffective in high level worlds.”

In the beginning, Xie Xi was saved in Fairytale Town using the fixed body character but Fairytale Tower was only D-grade.

If it was the Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas quasi-world, the fixed body character was trash and it probably couldn’t even freeze a rose.

Don’t talk about these two items. Xie Xi was afraid to use Roast Pork Bun’s Dreaming skill in Wonderful Painting of the Mountains and Seas.

It was because the sages and ancestors were too energetic and it was difficult for them to sleep and dream.

Xie Xi understood. Jiang Xie just helped him analyze the items but Xie XIi felt he benefited a lot. It was enough to show Jiang Xie was really experienced.

Xie Xi’s heart was moved and he couldn’t help asking, “How many worlds have you cleared?”

“I can’t count them.”

Xie Xi, “……”

Old Jiang wasn’t pretending. He really couldn’t count them. He directly opened the water curtain and went to the quasi-world page for Xie Xi to see.

Jiang Xie slid down with his fingers and spoke, “It is too long ago and the Zone doesn’t count it. You see… if I have to count it myself then how long will it take?”

Xie Xi was stunned by the sight. Jiang Xie slid down for more than a minute and the bottom still wasn’t seen. This really couldn’t be counted!

Xie Xi was shocked and distressed. “It wasn’t easy.”

Jiang Xie smiled. “It’s okay. It was boring anyway.”

Xie Xi heard a faint world-weariness from his plain tone. Xie Xi’s heart tightened and he wanted to say something, but he didn’t know how to speak.

Jiang Xie rubbed the back of his hand and sincerely reassured him, “I was waiting for you.” He kissed the back of Xie Xi’s hand.

Xie Xi couldn’t help saying, “No.”

Jiang Xie glanced at him. “Hmm?”

Xie Xi looked at the endless list of quasi-worlds and was sincere. “These are proof of how good you are. They are your glory alone.”

After so many worlds, Jiang Xie had grown to be incomparably excellent and became the strongest designer who impressed the entire Central Government!

Jiang Xie was stunned. Xie Xi’s praise caused him to be embarrassed. Jiang Xie’s voice was hoarse. “Don’t do this.”

Xie Xi looked up. “Hmm?”

“I really will do you 70 times a night.”

Xie Xi, “!!!”

He shouldn’t have praised his big bastard!

On the last day before the limit, Xie Xi entered the quasi-world. Jiang Xie told him, “Anything can happen in the collapsed world. There is a chance we won’t be together.”

“I understand.”

Jiang Xie continued, “If I’m not by your side, don’t rush. Find out the background of your identity and wait for me to find you.”

Xie Xi nodded continuously. The two people spoke for a while, Jiang Xie mentioning everything he could think of before Xie Xi entered the world.

The familiar feeling of being pulled away struck and Xie Xi felt a slight dizziness. It didn’t take long for him to open his eyes.

Based on this feeling, he seemed to be on a plane? Xie Xi didn’t have time to look at the task panel when a person around him spoke. “Mr. President, this is your black tea.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...