Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 1

Entering the quasi-world wasn’t too great and the thing that was taken wasn’t too important.

Then X’s brain… oh, his memory didn’t matter.

Xie Xi lost his curiosity in an instant and stared seriously at the information board.

He thought he was bringing a master into the instance. Who would’ve expected the master to change into a chicken? Xie Xi needed to stay calm.

He stared at the task information board. Unlike the previous quasi-world, there was no name for the game. It directly welcomed him to the open world and told him to read the following information carefully.

The next line startled Xie Xi.

Note: Disabled all skills, disabled the items bar, disabled any pets.

All of them were forbidden. At this moment, Xie Xi hated his teammates even more. He couldn’t use skills or props while his teammate didn’t have a brain. In the end, what was the use of his teammate?

Poor Roast Pork Bun was placed in the pets column and couldn’t come out.

Xie Xi’s heart ached. He placed the kitten into the pet space in order to not be irritated after returning to the Central World. Now he couldn’t be taken out.

In fact, the open world wasn’t better than the quasi-world in this regard. There were still many players. The people of the quasi-world couldn’t see the kitten but fellow players could see him. There was no way to let Roast Pork Bun out.

Xie Xi wasn’t afraid of Roast Pork Bun making trouble but the kitten himself was too precious. He treated the kitten like a poor high school student carrying tens of thousands of yuan.

As for the ban on skills and items, Xie Xi could still accept it. After all, his level was low and he couldn’t use too many powerful items.

In regards to his skills, X lost his memory so he didn’t dare to summon X’s body. It was too cumbersome to explain and the latest skill to take away an item wasn’t a combat skill and couldn’t be used!

After this analysis, Xie Xi felt that there was no need to team up!

He continued to read the main task: (1) Admire the newly born sun.

Xie Xi’s face was stunned. What was this main task? He couldn’t see the rating for the main task but Xie Xi believed that his luck in this area generally wouldn’t give him a bad task.

What was admire the newly born sun? Was it difficult to see a newly born sun in this open world?

Xie Xi couldn’t ignore the serial number 1. Did this main task have a follow-up?

He was temporarily unsure and could only continue looking at the side task. The side task needed to be searched. Xie Xi searched and quickly got: (1) Collect a bundle of branches.

Was it that simple? He could see the rating of the side mission. It was bright purple so Xie Xi couldn’t take it lightly.

The difficulty level ranged from grey to gold. It was estimated that it was difficult to get a gold rating with this open world. Purple was probably the highest.

Xie Xi’s task of collecting branches turned out to be purple. Was it hard to collect branches? Or was the system off?

The latter wasn’t possible and the former didn’t make sense. Xie Xi stared at the number ‘1’ and felt there was a secret in it.

It would take time to admire the newly born sun. Collecting branches was different so he could try it.

Xie Xi continued to look down. There were no loading files in the open world and skills and items couldn’t be used. Thus, a player only had one life.

Dead was really dead and he couldn’t be resurrected. Xie Xi’s nerves were tight and he didn’t dare be careless.

It didn’t take much time to review the information board but many thoughts flashed through Xie Xi’s mind.

It was only a moment in reality. Jiang Xie was still watching him with a hard to read expression. It wouldn’t be shocking if Xie Xi didn’t know that Jiang Xie lost his memory.

Now… keep pretending!

Xie Xi ignored him and first looked around quietly at the environment…

They were on a high slope while wild grass grew freely under their feet. There was an endless forest in front of them and a towering mountain behind them.

It was difficult since the mountain was bare and the exposed rocks were covered with unscientific vegetation. The forest in front was also strange. The trees all seemed from the same model but the thickness was different.

The wild grass under their feet spread out densely, seeming like they were copied and pasted.

So perfunctory! A world opened by the Zone should have more effort in it!

In comparison, Xie Xi thought that the quasi-worlds designed by X were very advanced.

It was probably the difference between a 2D pixel villain and a well-prepared 3D masterpiece.

Apart from some roughness, he temporarily couldn’t see any danger. Xie Xi retracted his gaze and glanced at the master by his side.

He pulled out the acting skills trained from the two worlds and look at him doubtfully. “What happened?”

Jiang Xie’s eyes slightly narrowed. Xie Xi smiled and made a familiar expression. He had to test what Jiang Xie had forgotten.

Jiang Xie stared at him with a penetrating gaze. Xie Xi felt awkward and his smile was very stiff.

Jiang Xie approached him. “Why are you feeling guilty?”

Xie Xi, “…”

So sharp! Shouldn’t he be more naive with his brain gone?

Xie Xi couldn’t stand the feeling of oppression and opened the distance. “Why are you asking me who I am? We’re on the same team.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes drooped and he appeared to be checking the system panel.

Xie Xi observed him and his heart sank. It seemed that this person still remembered the Central World. He just forgot Xie Xi.

It was unknown how long Jiang Xie had been in the Central World and memories were a complex thing. It couldn’t all be taken away.

Xie Xi felt a little relieved. This guy had lost his memory and become a fool but he was still useful.

Unexpectedly, Jiang Xie’s next words were, “Why would I team up with you?”

Xie Xi, “…” How could he answer?

He couldn’t tell the truth because Jiang Xie couldn’t be reminded of his lost memories. Otherwise, these memories would be completely taken away once he left the open world.

Well… this was okay? Jiang Xie forgot him but they didn’t have much to do with each other. If he forgot, he forgot.

No!

Xie Xi realized that he couldn’t let Jiang Xie forget him. Jiang Xie needed to go to the next world to face the crazy souls with him!

Forget about it. What would happen if X no longer teamed up with him?

Moreover, Xie Xi wasn’t sure what Jiang Xie had forgotten. What if it wasn’t just him?

Jiang Xie entered this world to help him. He might not like Jiang Xie but he couldn’t do such a thing to a person who wanted to help him.

Xie Xi turned his head and had an idea. He blinked and glanced at Jiang Xie. “Master, have you forgotten me?”

Jiang Xie was stunned and his ears felt like they had been scratched by a kitten.

Xie Xi told him, “Didn’t you say that you wanted to take me to the open world to see the world? Did you forget all about it?”

Jiang Xie frowned and he seemed to be thinking.

Xie Xi had an idea and he didn’t feel guilty. The best way to prevent Jiang Xie from thinking was to make a false memory.

In any case, Jiang Xie had forgotten him. Xie Xi just needed to talk nonsense and fool him!

Um… it didn’t matter if he wasn’t fooled. Jiang Xie’s doubts would just get him further and further from the truth. Thus, there was no risk of him retrieving his memories.

Xie Xi used the superb acting that deceived six souls. “What can I do? Have you forgotten everything about us?”

Jiang Xie was worthy of being the ‘ancestor’ of the souls. He paused and asked, “There is something between us?”

“Yes.” Xie Xi spoke with some embarrassment. “It is incredible when thinking about it now. I’m just a newcomer and was accepted as your apprentice. I’m really flattered.”

Jiang Xie stared at him for a moment. “I’m your master.”

Xie Xi nodded seriously. “You have also taken me to the garden. The roses were extremely beautiful.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes shone slightly at the words and he asked softly, “What colour was the roses?”

Luckily, Xie Xi had really been there. “Once they were white and another time they were blue. They were very beautiful!”

Xie Xi answered well and Master X’s watchful expression decreased. He whispered, “Don’t lie to me.”

Xie Xi showed a brilliant smile. “How can I deceive you?”

He rolled his eyes in his heart. ‘I can’t deceive you.’

Xie Xi barely steadied his heart and didn’t forget his task as he asked Jiang Xie, “Master, what is your task?”

The master called Jiang Xie’s heart thump and he replied, “The main task is to explore the underground labyrinth. The side task is to collect branches.”

They might’ve teamed up but they couldn’t see each other’s tasks unless they were shared.

Explore the underground labyrinth? It didn’t sound easy. However, the side tasks seemed to be the same?

Xie Xi wondered, “It is just collecting branches?”

Jiang Xie directly shared the tasks with him. Xie Xi saw that the rating of the main task wasn’t visible while the branch collection task was grey.

It was the same branches collection but Xie Xi’s one was a serial task and it was purple, the world’s highest rating. Meanwhile, Jiang Xie was the minimum rating of grey.

Xie Xi coughed.

Jiang Xie told him, “My task doesn’t matter. Didn’t you say that I am here to accompany you?”

“Yes.” Xie Xi replied. “Master would never go to such a low rated world and there is no reward for clearing it.”

This sounded good. Jiang Xie asked, “What is your main task?”

Xie Xi also shared his tasks. Comrade Old Jiang, who had been unlucky for half his life, was silent. Xie Xi wondered, “Isn’t it too simple?”

Jiang Xie answered, “You are lucky. Most guiding tasks have rich rewards.”

Xie Xi was curious. “Guiding tasks?”

“Finish one task and the next will appear in a sequence.”

Sure enough, there was a follow up task!

Xie Xi casually flattered him. “Master knows a lot.”

Jiang Xie’s eyes flashed. “Don’t be happy too early. The difficulty of guiding tasks will gradually increase. If you can’t finish the last task, you can’t leave this world.”

Xie Xi smiled. “I’m not afraid. There is Master.”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi asked again, “Master won’t leave me, will you?”

Jiang Xie was stiff as he moved his gaze and strode forward. “Go collect the branches.”

Xie Xi saw his reddish ear tips and couldn’t help smiling. He was slightly reminded of Third Prince Gars. Sure enough, the souls reflected the personality of the original!

Xie Xi followed him down the slope and went to the forest to collect branches. The branches were really easy to be found. They were everywhere. Jiang Xie just needed to randomly pick them up and he completed his side task. It was really lucky.

Xie Xi soon picked up a large bundle. Jiang Xie’s task was directly completed while Xie Xi received a follow up task: (2) Find a cave nearby.

Jiang Xie opened his mouth. “What is the next task?”

Xie Xi froze. “You can’t see it?”

Jiang Xie explained. “Sharing tasks will only share the current task. Once a new task refreshes, it needs to be re-shared.

It was like this. Xie Xi whispered, “So troublesome. Then I have to share it every time it refreshes…”

“It doesn’t matter. You don’t have to share it.”

Xie Xi had already shared it but he thought that it would indeed be more troublesome in the future and nodded. “Okay, I’ll tell you directly next time!”

Jiang Xie’s eyes twinkled. “Yes.”

Xie Xi was aware that Jiang Xie still doubted him. It was understandable. An amnesiac suddenly met a stranger who said he was Jiang Xie’s apprentice. Who wouldn’t doubt it?

Let’s take it slowly since Xie Xi wasn’t planning to scam him anyway.

Finding the nearby cave was also simple. This task was completed and there was a third task: Make a bonfire.

Xie Xi couldn’t make a fire but Jiang Xie had a wealth of field survival experience. He had no trouble lighting a fire. Xie Xi quickly searched for hay as ignition material and soon finished the third task.

Xie Xi praised him. “Master is really good.”

The sky outside was dark and the light of the bonfire shone on the teenager’s white face, highlighting the beautiful lines.

His voice was particularly pleasant and melodious, while his words were as were as honey.

If Jiang Xie hadn’t seen the -365 goodwill, he would’ve believed that this person was really his apprentice.

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...