Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Open World 37

The burning flames separated all those who came in and it wasn’t easy to hear the crying over the flames.

It was fine now that all the flames were gone. Everyone was shocked once they heard the baby’s voice.

How could there be a child calling for his mother in such a dangerous place?

The baby stretched out his plump arms and called, “Mummy!”

The group of people turned their heads and stared at Xie Xi with shock. No wonder he was so beautiful. This rose fairy was originally a woman!

The lost Xie Xi couldn’t read their minds or else he would slash them with a knife and remove all their arms and legs!

What the hell was a rose fairy?! Who the hell was a woman? Did they have damn brain damage?

The baby called out ‘Mummy’ twice and Xie Xi didn’t respond. He stared at Xie Xi eyes as big as a grape and after a while, his mouth flattened and he started crying.

In an instant, the extinguished flames rose eight metres high and it was hotter than before.

Xie Xi’s hands moved in a disorderly manner. “W-What should I do?” He stared across at Jiang Xie.

Jiang Xie told him, “Don’t ignore him.”

How should Xie Xi deal with the baby? He had lived an extra 60 years but he had never taken care of children!

The baby was incredibly small but quite clever. He saw Xie Xi ignoring him and his crying increased. Even the path was being set on fire…

Xie Xi hurriedly said, “D-Don’t cry.” He had no experience and could only speak softly.

The baby stopped crying in an instant and blinked back his tears. “Mummy…”

Xie Xi, “…”

The baby’s mouth opened and it was about to set the fire again! Jiang Xie whispered, “Just say yes.”

Xie Xi turned towards him. “I’m not his mother!”

“Just coax him.”

Xie Xi couldn’t help saying, “I’m a man!”

“Of course,” Jiang Xie replied. “I know that better than anyone.”

Xie Xi, “…” He wanted to throw this big person into the fire!

“Fine, fine.” Xie Xi felt awkward. “Baby, don’t cry.”

The baby was obedient and stopped crying. He opened his mouth and called out, “Mummy…”

Xie Xi answered in a stiff voice, “Yes.”

The baby was happy and stretched out his arms towards Xie Xi’s neck, screaming, “Mummy, Mummy, Mummy…”

Xie Xi’s mouth twitched but he still didn’t dare to say no! He had heard of forcing an honest girl into prostitution but this was the first time he saw a man being forced to be a mother!

Everyone looked surprised and couldn’t figure out the situation.

Jiang Xie deliberately raised his voice and pretended to speak to the group of four, but he was actually speaking to anyone around them.

“I guess it is because we pushed the sun door open that the little guy recognizes us as his parents.”

Old Zhu still didn’t understand and asked, “Then why is Boss the mother? Is it because Boss is gentler and more beautiful?”

Xie Xi glared and Old Zhu felt a pain in his leg. The other three people respected him as a man!

Jiang Xie was afraid that the angry child would become a puffer fish and explained, “It is probably because he touched the door first.”

What this the case? Jiang Xie had the ability to state guesses as facts. “Isn’t the first person a child comes in contact with their mother?”

Ah yes, the story of a chick!

Xie Xi felt that Jiang Xie was fooling them but there was some logic to it. The guess was reasonable. Everyone was relieved and no longer questioned Xie Xi’s gender.

Jiang Xie leaned over and pretended to tease the baby, while whispering to Xie Xi, “Has the main task changed?”

It was clear that the little baby crying inside the sun door must be related to the sun. Appreciating the newborn sun must mean appreciating this little kid. Was the newborn sun this baby?

Xie Xi shook his head. “It isn’t finished.”

“It seems that you have to continue to coax him.”

If the newborn sun was this baby, the reason the task hadn’t finished was probably due to the word ‘appreciate.’

What did it mean to appreciate a little kid?

The little sun kissed Xie Xi’s cheek and cried out, “Mummy!”

Jiang Xie, “…” He was a father who hadn’t even kissed Xie Xi yet!

Xie Xi thought about it and kissed him on his tender little face. “Good boy.”

The little guy was full was joy. As soon as he got excited, he became hotter and Xie Xi almost couldn’t hold him.

Jiang Xie took the baby. “You agreed not to burn your mother.”

The little sun smiled and asked, “Doesn’t Mummy like me best?”

Jiang Xie replied, “Mummy’s favourite is Daddy.”

The little guy’s mouth flattened and he was going to howl… Xie Xi was afraid of the fire and hurriedly said, “I like you most.”

Jiang Xie, “…” Fortunately, they were both men and would never have children, or else he would be sour to death.

The little sun was happy and turned around in the air. His body emitted a golden glow that wasn’t hot at all. It was as warm as the midday sun in winter.

Xie Xi watched with the corners of his mouth slightly curved. The baby’s crying might be shocking but once he stopped crying, he was a little angel.

Then a prompt appeared in his lower right corner: [(1)Appreciate the newborn sun has been completed.]

Then came the next reminder. [(2) Kill the witch Xifu.]

Xie Xi shared it with Jiang Xie who said, “Just walk and we can leave this room.”

The previous Kong Rongliang also received this task and it was unknown where he had gone.

Xie Xi held the small sun and walked in front with Jiang Xie. There were no more flames after coaxing the little guy. Xie Xi had nothing to do except hold the fat doll which made his arms a painful.

Halfway there, Jiang Xie proposed, “Can you let Daddy hold you?”

The little sun was angry with him. “You want to steal my Mummy!”

Jiang Xie, “…”

Xie Xi said, “It’s fine, I’m not tired.”

The little sun immediately made a smug expression as he held Xie Xi’s neck and made faces at Jiang Xie. “Look, Mummy likes me the best!”

Jiang Xie wanted to hit this baby’s butt a few times. Xie Xi actually liked this little chubby but would’ve liked it more if he wasn’t called ‘Mummy.’

They left the sun room and outside was an empty hall. Both sides were crawling with vines and the ground was wet like a swamp.

Xie Xi stopped and looked up.

At this time, Cao Yan exclaimed, “The undead person!”

Many people had also seen it and showed envy in their eyes.

Cao Yan explained to Xie Xi, “Boss, the three people fighting over there are very strong. One is a zombie mutation and no matter how he is hit, he can come back to life. His strength is terrible!”

Zhuo Liu was solemn. “They were the first people to enter the maze and the first to refuse Zhang Ruizhen. They only entered the maze with three people and there were no movements after that. Zhang Ruizhen said they had long died but it seems that not only are they alive, they are also challenging the witch.”

Zhu Li also spoke seriously, “We saw their strength at the first corner. They are very strong! However, they are unsociable and kept aloof. I don’t know…”

The group of people madly introduced Xie Xi to the three people in front. Their attitude was so serious and dignified that it made Xie Xi feel embarrassed to say these people were old acquaintances…

Of the three people, one had his back to Xie Xi but Xie Xi knew the faces of the other two men.

They were the big idiot Kong Rongliang and the half zombie Chen Qing. Xie Xi hadn’t expected them to be so famous.

Cao Yan pondered on it. “I will negotiate to see if they want to cooperate with us.”

Xie Xi told him, “No need.”

Cao Yan tried to persuade him. “That undead man is extremely strong. He can grow out his arms and legs by himself.”

Xie Xi certainly knew this…

At this time, Kong Rongliang saw Xie Xi and shouted, “Benefactor! You’re here!”

The group of people in the hall, “???”

Xie Xi was most afraid of them calling to him. He already attracted attention when the small sun called him Mummy.

Kong Rongliang called out ‘Benefactor’ and he once again attracted great attention.

The little sun wasn’t happy. “What are you doing? This is my mother!” He held Xie Xi tightly as he spoke.

Kong Rongliang called out to Chen Qing and the two men fighting retreated. After coming to this swamp, the black shadow didn’t chase them and just cried out angrily, “Too arrogant! I won’t let you take half a step into the Holy Land!”

The three of them came over and Xie Xi was stunned. He didn’t expect the third man to be an acquaintance…

Zhong Jin greeted him. “Hello.”

Xie Xi thought, ‘This big damn ghost!’

Kong Rongliang curiously looked at the milk doll in Xie Xi’s arms. “This is…” They hadn’t seen each other for two days and his benefactor gained a baby? So fast!

Xie Xi was afraid of these big idiots and explained a bit.

Chen Qing opened his mouth. “It turns out that Benefactor walked through the sun door.”

Xie Xi understood. “You walked through the moon door?”

Chen Qing found it hard to explain. “The moon door was too ferocious. We were almost killed by a small white rabbit inside.”

Small white rabbit?

Chen Qing told the story to Xie Xi.

In general, the luck emperor’s choice was too correct. The sun door was very dangerous when opened but it could be easily passed as long as they found the small sun and coaxed him.

The moon door was different. The inside was pitch black and there was a dark shadow scurrying around that seriously injured people who entered.

They would’ve died if it wasn’t for Chen Qing’s bug.

Kong Rongliang had a conscience. “The small rabbit was lightning fast. If it wasn’t for Ah Qing, who knows how many times I would’ve died?”

Xie Xi asked, “What about the rabbit?”

Chen Qing shook his head. “We barely managed to come out and it is unknown if he is still inside.” If it was still inside, anybody who chose the moon door wouldn’t be lucky…

However, he couldn’t worry too much about it. The witch Xifu in front of him seemed very troublesome.

Chen Qing added, “This Xifu is too abnormal. She is an enhanced version of the rabbit. She is fast and attacks hard. We’ve fought with her for three or four hours with no result.”

Xie Xi suggested, “Let’s look at her characteristics and find a way together.”

The group of four disabled people finally recovered their spirits.

They stared at each other before managing to say, “That… Boss, you and Mr. Chen…”

Chen Qing hurriedly introduced a bit. “I owe my life to Benefactor! You don’t have to be polite!”

Xie Xi shook his head. “It was just a chance encounter that I helped with.”

There was no need to mention this matter but Kong Rongliang couldn’t help feeling excited. “If it wasn’t for Benefactor, Chen Qing would’ve long been eaten by zombies. Now he is alive and became so strong…”

He poured out praise and the group of four were stunned. Damn, it was the same arms and legs but how was the gap so big?!

If they knew, they would’ve also found a zombie to bite them… Forget it, they almost finished this world and there was no need to think about it!

Since they were all one group, there was no need to talk about cooperation or noncooperation. They had to work together.

Chen Qing explained, “This witch is a high-level zombie and she has a strong ability to recover. As long as she is in the dark, all types of injuries will heal themselves.”

Xie Xi asked, “In the dark?”

Chen Qing answered, “Yes, there is candlelight here so she can’t come over. However, we’ll be attacked as soon as we walk over.”

Zhuo Liu proposed, “Why don’t you bring the candles over?”

Zhong Jin spoke slowly, “She wouldn’t allow you to. As long as the candle is extinguished, she can act unscrupulously in the entire wall.”

Chen Qing added, “It is very wet over there. The candlelight is weak and will be easily extinguished.”

Cao Yan proposed, “This is simple. I’ll go over and breathe out fire.”

Zhong Jin shook his head. “I tried. She’s not afraid of fire.” Of course, he didn’t breathe out fire but he burnt things.

Xie Xi might hate Zhong Jin but this guy had brains. Xie Xi temporarily put away his prejudice and wondered, “Candlelight isn’t fire?”

Zhong Jin answered, “The candle is very special. The light emitted is warm, like a bulb.”

Light bulb? Xie Xi stared at the little sun in his arms.

The little sun made a smiling face. “Mummy!”

Xie Xi smiled and kissed him on his tender, tofu-like face. The little sun immediately ascended to heaven and shone as he floated in the air. “Mummy kissed me. Mummy is so good. Mummy loves this baby the most!”

Chen Qing, Kong Rongliang and Zhong Jin, “…”

Xie Xi deceived the light and didn’t laugh. “Is this okay?”

Chen Qing and Kong Rongliang shouted, “It must be okay!”

The sun door was the key to breaking this game! If they knew, they would’ve gone to the sun door! Although they didn’t know if this boy would recognize them as his mother…

Xie Xi walked forward with the little sun and the shadow came out. “Don’t step into the Holy…”

She hadn’t finished when the shadow suddenly paused. The light of the sun caused the shadow to dissipate and a pale woman appeared before them. She stared at the baby with shocked eyes.

The baby didn’t feel it and kept holding onto Xie Xi.

The witch suddenly screamed, “Impossible! This world belongs to the moon god!” Her eyes blazed as she returned to her shadow state and attacked the little sun.

Everyone wouldn’t let her succeed and stepped forward to block her offensive. The little sun was shocked and flattened his small mouth to cry. Xie Xi hurriedly kissed him on the face. “Don’t be afraid, I’m here.”

This soothing worked and the little sun let out an even more dazzling burst of light. The witch was corroded by the light and the shadows became much lighter.

Everyone took the opportunity to launch an attack and finally suppressed her.

Many people had the task to kill Xifu but this was a real world, not a game. A person who was killed wouldn’t stand up again.

Of course, the Central Government wasn’t bad enough to release a task that couldn’t be completed. As long as the mission goal was dead, the task would be seen as completed even if the player wasn’t at the scene.

However, the rewards were sharply reduced but at least there was the possibility of returning to Central alive.

Kong Rongliang made a great effort and dealt the final blow. He didn’t know that Xie Xi had the task of killing Xifu. If he did, he would’ve certainly let Xie Xi have the last blow.

Xie Xi didn’t need it since killing Xifu was just a link. It was fine as long as it was completed.

Once the main task was completed, the people would be sent away and many people disappeared from the hall.

Kong Rongliang didn’t go. He had teamed up with Chen Qing and shared the main task so he could stay.

Originally, Xie Xi was in Fairytale Town with Song Qi but they didn’t share the main tasks. Thus, Xie Xi left after he finished.

At this time, his main mission was refreshed again. [(3) Suppress the moon.]

Was the rabbit in the moon door the moon? Or was there someone else?

Xie Xi suddenly felt his hands becoming heavy. He was surprised to find that the small sun had unexpectedly grown up.

Xie Xi couldn’t hold him and let go. The baby fell to the ground and became a small red-haired child.

Xie Xi blinked. The little sun’s mouth was sweet. “Mummy, I grew up!”

Xie Xi saw that he grew up but didn’t understand the reason why. Was it because Xifu was killed?

The little sun told him, “It must’ve been Mummy’s kiss that made me thrive.”

Xie Xi, “…”

Jiang Xie, “…” These hands were a bit itchy!

At this time, everything around them darkened and a silver light flowed from. It had a certain thickness and countless stars flashed. It was like a galaxy had spread on the ground.

The next moment, a silver-haired teenager emerged.

He was dressed in a white robe and was slender, like a cedar tree standing on a mountain.

The silver poured out and his cold eyebrows were revealed. He had dull pupils, bloodless lips and a pointed chin filled with femininity.

The little sun was excited. “Brother!”

The silver-haired teenager opened his mouth and spoke in a frosty tone. “Get lost.”

Added a ko-fi for the people asking for an alternative to Patreon:

https://ko-fi.com/rainbowturtle

Pledge any amount to my Patreon to access to the BL google drives, where you can get early access to any chapters I have completed.

You can also join my discord channel to chat with fellow readers about the novels;

https://discord.gg/PpxrTgJ

Previous Chapter
Next Chapter

Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like Loading...